Quite the talent he is.
Proper chatterbox, Yadda.
If you're keen, it'll be brilliant.
Today, we're going to keep it simple.
I'll bark out a basic command and you
watch.
Keen to know?
He'll set your tail wagging.
Does mine, hence why I'm backing him.
Right then, Wookie here.
Do take a seat, won't you?
Give us your full attention while we
listen to my pal, Yadda.
Yadda.
Well, this program's not on the basics.
Our earlier program was,
and our next one on Monday will be.
It's always good to hear from The Wook.
I am particularly delighted to be,
after all this time,
to be backed by The Wook.
You have no idea what an endorsement that
happens to be,
even if he has to call me a
chatterbox, which I guess is...
his fair game under the circumstances.
What do you all think about that?
We have for his first appearance on our
program, that's Mike Beate,
the great fact checker of all the Yada
Yawa series.
It is indeed a great pleasure to have
you on this program.
We've talked about it for a long time,
Mike.
I have just to begin by saying I'm
in your debt.
You have been such a godsend to me.
As you know, I write very quickly.
Most of the books that I write,
I don't even have the opportunity to read
through from beginning to end.
And I'm very dependent on editing and
particularly on fact checking to make
certain that we have the details correct.
And you've done that since, well,
you've done it probably for the ten to
fifteen years.
I officially started, I think,
in twenty nineteen.
But I was doing it before.
I would send you emails if I found
something interesting.
Yes.
I think we first met all the way
back in two thousand and eight.
So when I say we've been doing this
for a long time,
we've we've been corresponding for a long
time and you had a
It took me just a bit to warm
up to the process because,
as you probably know,
your style is very abrupt, which is, no,
that's wrong.
Yeah, it is abrupt.
You're saying, what?
Well, I'm an engineer, so that's why.
So that's why.
And you're going, OK.
And then when you understand where you're
coming from,
then you warm right up to it and
say, boy,
it's so much better just to cut to
the chase.
That was wrong from this point of view,
and we need to deal with it.
And if it's misleading,
let's get it corrected.
So it's been such a benefit.
And so many have benefited.
not even knowing who you were,
although I've mentioned your name many,
many times.
Uh, so, uh, thank you.
All right.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Good to be here.
Life.
Good.
I can't complain.
And, um,
There you are, Dr. Jeff.
You're at home today,
so you're not going to run off to
have to treat somebody.
And I understand that the young lady we
were concerned about that had meningitis,
that she woke up, and she's doing okay.
Yes, she is.
She came out of her coma,
and so the doctors found the right
antibiotic treatment.
It was the right combination of
antibiotics and steroids and timing and...
the credit goes to the emergency room
doctor who was up in show low in
a corner of arizona that had her flown
to us by helicopter uh and got the
more advanced care wow so somebody
realized this is beyond what i can deal
with and this young lady deserves a
opportunity to live and
You're also doing old school doctoring
house calls with my wife,
who is suffering from the worst form of
toe rage I've seen in a long time.
She was trying to save Wookie from a
German shepherd and did a crash and burn
in the street here at the end of
our driveway.
and has badly torn up hands, a knee,
and a toe that has seen better days.
It has everything but skin left on it.
Yeah, we got to get Leia feeling good.
and looking right.
Yeah,
she's feeling a little under the weather.
The pain of all of that has worn
her considerably.
I guess we have lots of pain receptors
in our feet so that we can stay
up and we know what we're doing,
but it has been really tough this past
five days on her as she's trying to
hobble around and get around with a
really, really, really, I mean,
it was a pretty gruesome injury.
With all due respect to the HIPAA laws,
it's a very bad laceration and it's
macerated and it has the appearance of
almost like a second degree burn.
Yeah,
the good news is that I did see
it today.
So did several of us that had seen
it in its worst days.
And it's now pink rather than bright red
and was not oozing to the same extent.
So I think we have seen tremendous
progress.
We won't talk about the gruesome nature of
that accident.
How are you doing, my friend,
Captain Kirk?
I'm doing all right.
I have a great advantage.
Sylvia is my nurse,
and Jeff is my phone call doctor.
Oh, yeah, so you're in good shape.
Now, did you go for a test today,
or what was your day for?
Monday, I went for a test.
A lot of good numbers,
all that sort of thing.
It's been three terrible days, but
So it's been a tough recovery from the,
uh, the test, but the test was positive.
Oh no, that was just a blood test.
And then the doctor evaluated the PSA.
So everything is, everything is good,
but you still have up and down.
I tell you,
I'd be glad to get through this.
Yeah.
When you get your, uh, your strength back.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, still sore?
Yeah.
I'm on an ice pack right now.
Oh, you are?
I guess we don't have to tell people
what area is hurting.
No, no, that's my leg.
That's my leg.
The nerves go down your leg and just
like static.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Wow.
So, Will, what's going on, man?
Hey, how about that video,
the intro you guys just did?
That was fantastic.
That was Jon Voight.
I don't know how many of you know
Jon Voight.
Kevin, of course,
knows him very well because he's worked
with him regularly.
In fact,
it was Kevin that introduced him to me.
He has been part of Leah's branding team,
I guess, for quite some time.
He is the one that did the first
Wookiee introduction of the blog on the
blog.
And he's the one who just crafted the
logo for the YadaYawa.com site.
The war logo, yeah.
Yeah,
of a bite and very much sword looking.
I think he did a really good job
with that.
and um i gave him a script for
the introduction of the basics uh he
rewrote the script uh a lot and uh
made it very funny and yeah but it's
funny with a message because there's just
so much graphic detail in it you could
watch that thing and you could pick out
a hundred little clues that he has uh
presented along the way and the whole
thing is just
Hilarious.
I like the fact that it's
self-deprecating.
You know,
Wookie is making fun of me is what
he is doing.
And I think that that's a fine way
to go.
It's a laugh, you know,
so it's really well done.
John is interesting.
He's a guy that I talk to probably
several times a week.
Matter of fact,
we recruited him to work on the timeline,
the video aspect of the timeline.
We're trying to make it more of a
collaboration than just a couple of people
working on it.
But boy, he's good.
I mean,
he's really very tasteful and he's helped
Jake and I sort through a number of
things.
And I'm glad we have him on that
project because he's definitely an
upgrade.
He's actually an artist.
He is.
He's actually a graphic artist by
profession.
He's really talented at it and he has
skills way beyond what we had thought.
Just delightful to work with.
yeah i was able to sneak in and
get him to do a couple of projects
for me while leo was uh down with
her bum toe i know i might i
might lose him again and she might go
back to you guys while the iron is
hot yeah but i i really enjoyed working
with him i hope we can continue to
do projects it is nice to see the
whole team come together and work and
create things of of that kind of of
interest yeah that's great
Kevin,
you have a song that I guess we've
had in the hopper for a while that
you want to introduce.
And it's on the theme of I guess
you're over here,
even though you're over there on the
screen.
So I'll look at you by by looking
here over here that it's about a
shepherdess and the shepherdess.
fits into our narrative for two reasons.
One is that Ruth,
which is the long story,
and we may talk about a little bit
after the song,
but Ruth is not only the means that
Yahweh used to introduce me to Leah,
and it's quite a story,
and Ruth's name means that she was a
shepherdess,
but
Also,
the whole story of the Amma and the
productive mother who plays such a role in
Dode's life and in the life of the
Covenant family.
And with Yahweh viewing his Covenant
children as sheep,
the whole shepherdess concept also comes
alive from that point as well.
Absolutely.
I could have asked for a better intro.
I got nothing to add to that.
That was spectacular.
So let's play it.
That wasn't my intent, but please,
please augment.
Yeah, you hit Ruth, you hit Alma.
I mean,
that's what this video is about for sure.
And we've been sitting on it for a
while,
but I'm really excited to get this out
so people can see it.
It's great music that goes along with it.
Good, awesome visuals.
What people may not know, too,
is that when Leah creates a song,
she'll write the lyrics of the song,
she'll coordinate the vocals on the song,
the instrumentation and that sort of
thing.
And quite often she'll do much of the
visuals behind it.
And sometimes it's the team that does the
But even in something like the Wookiee
introduction here,
there's some form of magic.
They haven't quite explained it,
but they've just say it's out to Kevin
doing transitions and this sort of thing.
And until it comes back from Kevin,
it's not usable.
So you're the one that makes it all
happen and look so seamless and
professional when it's all done.
it's literally nothing but it's just one
of those little fine finishing touches
that uh i i'm one of the few
people that has the program that has a
big bulk of those transitions and so
that's why it comes to me because i
have the most of i have the most
trannies so they let me they let me
finish oh so this is between when you're
going from one scene to another the scene
swipe rather than just being a blink from
one to the other
It might be a jump,
a left or right, up, down, fade in,
out, that sort of thing.
All that.
Yeah, exactly.
I think it's really the trannies.
The trannies.
So you're the tranny guy.
I do.
I have the most trannies.
So they let me take care of that.
Excellent.
So let's play this song.
It's called The Shepherdess, correct?
Shepherdess of Days.
Yep.
Here we go.
Thank you.
A seasoned hand with blue veins Wraps
around the staff of her days She's walked
the path of joy and pain Learned Yehoah's
way,
not man's charade No longer lifting
millstones with her hands She guides their
steps through rough and land With Dodd's
lamp at her feet,
she walks ahead A daughter of Zion by
Yehoah
Through every trial, through every tear,
His covenant promise holds her near.
The rod and staff, they soothe her fear.
She hears His voice within her ear.
Shepherdess of days, yeah,
shepherdess of days Guarding younger souls
along the narrow way Not in faith or
fear,
but in knowing Him by name Yehovah's truth
burning like a flame Shepherdess of days,
walking in His good way Calling,
I'll come home,
leave religion's haze In the mikra's light
where the family stays She takes her
stand,
shepherdess of days
Her delicate hands like maps of care,
each line a story Yah has shared.
From Pesach's door to Matzah's bread,
from Baikurim life to Shabuah's bread.
She counts the days to Yah's return,
where doubt will reign and nations will
learn.
She calls out in Yahwah's true name,
strips off the masks of man-made shame.
Not church, no mosque,
not rabbi's rule But Torah's voice,
the only school In Yehudah's song,
sung in God's refrain Israel will delight
like a calf She leads them out of
Babel's chain Shepherdess of days,
Yahweh's shepherdess of days Guarding
younger souls along the narrow way Not in
faith or fear,
but in knowing Him by name
Calling, I'll come home,
leave religion's haze And make grace plain
where the family stays She stands,
his shepherd has some pain
In the voice of the moonlit breeze,
she hears Yehovah through the tree.
My daughter caught,
I invite them home out of mid-srain.
Take my hand, we'll walk these days.
I'll wipe away inherited fears.
The covenant stands, it never decays.
Beloved daughter of sin.
Sing unto Yehovah,
desolate woman She who was never panted in
labor She who has no child of her
own Sing clearly and joyfully For you will
become a mother In family tents beneath
the stars She points and speaks of scars
of how
She trades the song for open sky The
scripted promise for yas reply In every
step,
her staff and song
Yeah, shepherdess of days,
guarding younger souls along the narrow
way Not in faith or fear,
but in knowing him by name Yeah,
all eyes on the burning like a flame
Shepherdess of days,
walking in his Torah ways Calling out,
come home,
leave religion's haze And sukkahs embrace
where his family stays She rests,
his shepherdess of days
How did we manage to keep that unplayed
for two to three weeks?
Everybody loves a good power ballad, man.
You know, I mean.
Yeah.
That is a power ballad.
Mike, you're the newbie here.
The theme of that song is
conveys a insight that is something that
if you had mentioned to me three months
ago, I would have said, nah, come on,
can't be.
But the theme of that song is the
shepherdess of days has been here for a
very long number of days.
And that she has stood beside Doug,
not once, but twice.
and that she will stand beside dote again
and that god managed to keep his people
his plan and the pace that he wanted
it to play out working in coordination
with his testimony by inserting people
souls that
he knew and could trust along the way.
And it's as plain as the nose on
our faces that this is what he has
done.
And yet it's,
I'm sure it's difficult to process,
even when we recognize that it's obvious
with Elia, we're told he was taken,
we're told he's going to return.
It's obvious with Dode, we're
Told he is returning as king, as Elion,
as the influence of Almighty God in our
presence.
And we know he fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
and Mekutah.
That's three, and I think there's six.
So why would God be limited to those
two?
Why would he have taken Enoch if he
wasn't going to deploy him,
particularly when his name means he's
going to be deployed?
What was your reaction when you first
heard that?
Because I know when I first encountered it
through the thirty first Michal,
it was a it was a gut punch
to me.
And I remember I went a full day
before I could process it because of my
understanding of time and that no one can
go back in time.
I would destroy the whole fabric of the
universe.
God had to have a way of being
able to do this without ever going back
in time.
And when I finally figured it out,
I remember I was having lunch with Leia
on the beach.
I said, oh, my gosh,
I can't wait to get back to the
office.
I finally figured this out,
how this works.
Well, you know,
you think about the ultimate chess move of
Yahweh.
He created man with all this free will,
and a lot really could go wrong.
And that's how he maintains control.
So it's almost like Yawa and like six
or ten of his best people take on
the world.
Yeah, they do.
Versus that, you know,
and that's all he has are those people.
And he's able to manage it all with
reinserting that whole process.
And some of those people are great when
they're great and they're really not when
they're not.
And they have to have support.
Yeah.
And God doesn't let him hang.
He likes these people that that can be
a little rough and trip and fall so
long as he can supply them with the
support they need to get back up.
You know, you look at Moshe.
Moshe did a complete crash and burn.
So did Dode multiple times.
And so he needs to have somebody that
he can support.
send in to lift them back up and
help them with their lives.
I just thought it was the ultimate way
for God to do as he wants,
which is to communicate to us through
people, allow us to have free will,
not overly impose himself,
and yet make certain that his people and
his plan are supported.
And it's been so difficult for God to
find souls he could trust
And trust we found out is a lot
more than just being observant.
It's more than just thinking it through.
It's more than responding.
It's seeing it through.
Gotta have somebody that's going to get
the job done and get it all the
way to the finish line that God can
say, I can rely on that person.
I've used them before.
They did what needed to be done.
What was your thought when you first heard
that, Mike?
Because we haven't been dealing with this
very long.
No, it's fascinating.
My question is, how come, well,
do souls not remember, like,
from Enoch to, like, they took Enoch,
right?
So if you were Enoch in the past,
Mm-hmm.
Wouldn't you remember that?
Not necessarily.
When God puts in a soul,
particularly when that soul is born the
old-fashioned way,
He knows the characteristics of that soul,
the personality of that soul.
He knows that.
He knows what the attributes of that soul
are going to be.
And so the character of that soul is
one that he liked.
But if that soul is born the old-fashioned
way, through a mother and father,
and he puts that soul in the resort,
then I don't think that soul is going
to have any recollection of what happened
previously.
He just knows that that's somebody that he
can trust that is going to figure it
out and come to know him.
Now,
is it possible that even in the
old-fashioned childbirth way that he could
have put some knowledge into a soul like
Noach would be a great example?
Noach saved the psalm of man.
Without Noach, we're not here.
God was regretted that he had created
Nesama man.
He wanted to end the whole Nesama man
experiment.
And the only reason it didn't end is
he relied on Noach, Noach's wife,
his two sons and their wives to salvage
Nesama man,
which then led through Shem to the
children of Israel.
So would it be possible that Noach had
some foreknowledge of a previous life?
And I think that previous life was Chanuk,
quite possibly.
I can tell you from this life,
when I was five years old,
I wasn't a five-year-old.
I've never been a child, ever,
my whole life.
Never thought like a child.
I always knew that this was going to
happen.
I've known it from my first recollections
as a person.
What twenty-year-old goes to China to go
check in a business?
Nobody.
I mean, it's craziness.
Or goes across Siberia.
And the kind of things and the risks
that I took and the experiences I've had
in life, there's nothing normal.
Nothing ever been normal about my life.
And I know that as we pull back
the layers of what we're learning now,
so much of it becomes so vivid.
But, you know,
I think God's in a position, Mike,
in this regard,
because what your question really is,
is are you born with the knowledge of
that last experience or brought into the
world?
And I think, for example,
we come back to the witnesses,
we'll remember every nuance of what we
experienced in Shamaim,
is that it has to be a blend
of both or he's manipulating the system
too strongly.
For example,
if I was born and I had really
crappy parents,
I was born into this world,
kind of a Dodian situation, really,
really crappy parents.
And if I was born in a situation
and I had full knowledge of all of
those prior lives,
that would have made quite the fuss when
I was a young boy.
And it would have put us in a
situation where none of what we have
learned and grown together and
come to understand none of that would have
ever happened.
And God couldn't have the satisfaction of
knowing, yeah, that soul that I picked,
that soul is, he's solid.
He has the attributes and the attitude.
that I'm certain he'll figure it out.
I can trust him to figure it out.
He's done it before, he'll do it again.
He'll figure it out, he'll stick with it.
And I think that's enormously satisfying
to God to know that the message that
he wrote,
that we would come to understand and we'd
be able to apply it.
So that's the best answer I have at
this point.
So, Miss Leah has a contribution.
Well, you can probably only hear my voice.
I do think that while you're correct,
I've always called myself an atheist,
not really adhering to that religion very
well because I'd always known somehow
there was a God.
Just didn't know who that was or where
it was or what it was about.
Yeah.
I think the answer to your question is
no, I don't remember.
I don't remember anything.
And that was my first thing.
Well, why wouldn't I remember?
Well,
that's because you're getting new
hardware, pal.
You're getting a new brain.
You're getting a new body.
Well,
I think the only thing that really crosses
over is probably the personality.
Yeah, the operating system.
The operating system, the software.
Let's call it software, okay?
For us nerds out there.
I like to talk nerd.
The software operating system is reliable.
The hardware can change.
But I think the fact that we're tenacious,
that we both don't respect authority,
that we both are prized accuracy and
honesty and ethics and morals.
That's our operating system.
The fact that we're not afraid of really
bad people.
That's our operating system.
That's also part of our life experience.
The attitude and the aptitudes are
definitely consistent.
That's why when I've looked at the people
that were...
inserted,
if there's a significant difference in
their attitude, behavior, and aptitudes,
then you just strike it off as it's
not a fit.
They've got to be the same all the
way through.
And that's why when I first saw the
strengths and failures of Adam,
and then I saw when we really took
a close examination of Dota at its worst,
where he was laying around all day,
being a voyeur at night,
drinking to excess and focus on all the
wrong things and then actually turned
against God and then blamed everybody for
his problem other than himself.
It just was a lightning bolt to me
and said, oh my God,
I've seen this before.
It's a pattern.
And then I've shared now two direct quotes
from Yahweh that says that Dode was Adam.
So the conclusion is,
I am certain the conclusion with Dode
being Adam is correct.
And that therefore God takes a soul and
he puts that soul in and out of
the timeline as he sees fit based upon
the people that he's most comfortable
working with.
I'm not going to pretend to be certain
about what we are given
when we're given it in terms of prior
understanding.
I mean,
I can tell you that we've been through
a lot since two thousand and eight when
I met you and I started this in
two thousand and one.
So I don't have much time prior to
us meeting.
But you would recognize that for the first
ten years,
we made some interesting headway,
probably came up with a hundred innovative
conclusions and insights that people had
never considered before.
And those insights and conclusions are
absolutely valid.
We're now at a pace where what I
would do in ten years,
we do in a month.
And so sometimes the
what you're given to know and understand
is provided to you at the time that
it's appropriate for you to know and
understand it.
And that you could not have processed it
or it would have changed the genuineness
of the experience.
If I came into this, uh,
twenty-five years ago with the full
knowledge of everything as opposed to
having to work for it,
We don't write the twenty five books.
They're just handed to us.
There they are, you know,
and they're all perfect.
And we don't go through the effort.
We don't struggle to to learn.
We don't make mistakes and grow from.
We're not an example of all because we're
we're just something that sticks out like
a sore thumb.
I don't think it's real anymore.
I think then, yeah, well,
might as well just with the booming voice
on top of the mountain say,
here I am, and these are my expectations,
either meet them or go away.
I think the psychological impact of
knowing all this all up front would be
overwhelming.
It's overwhelming now,
and it's taken me twenty five years to
develop it.
And it wasn't much of it didn't happen
until the last six months.
And it's and.
You know,
one of the things that is the biggest
challenge about all of this too is that
when you begin to recognize how the whole
plan of Yahweh is able to stay apace
and keep his people who are real,
so they have their issues, all rowing,
if you will, in the same direction,
you realize that to be one of those
people
God's asking a lot and it's a really,
really big ask because you can't name one
of those people.
that didn't get kicked in the teeth
routinely,
that wasn't embarrassed publicly,
who wasn't raked over the coals.
At minimum.
Every one of them has moments.
Even Elia.
Elia crawled underneath a tree and said,
kill me.
I can't do this anymore.
I want to die.
That's Elia of all people.
Twice Moshe took God to task and said,
I don't know what you're doing here,
but you're, you know,
you're a failure and you're mean.
And I don't want to do this anymore.
I want you to kill me too.
That's Moshe.
And Dode, you know,
begged for his own death as opposed to
Absalom.
Yeah.
That's a really tough job.
It's,
You know what's become apparent, Craig,
Leah, and gentlemen,
is that in almost like a mathematical
equation over the last six months,
over the last three months,
over the last two weeks,
over the last week,
Ruth slash Boaz is becoming equivalent,
more closely equal to Leah and Yada.
And the proofs just keep coming in by
what's being disclosed.
And not only that,
is that what's apparent is that you have
stalwarts, finishers,
people who can be Chazak and can take
the punch, the kicks, the arrows,
the adversity.
Yeah, what you find,
and this is really interesting,
and I'm
that the point that I went from trying
to flesh this out to just accepting it
was Ruth.
Leah had told me from the first email
that she wrote me,
which was a very hostile email.
Now, I don't know, goodness,
it must be nineteen years ago,
almost twenty years ago now.
And she wrote me
because when she was most desperate she
says okay god i've tried everything i i
know that there's that you're there i
can't find him i'll find you by reading
the bible because i read that thing and
it's uh the end of it contradicts the
beginning of it i went to the rabbi
and he tried to put his hand up
my skirt that that isn't the uh the
answer uh i can't find the answer but
i really want to know and just in
a dream she was told go ask ruth
And then when I went to Ruth and
I read that story after we were told
by Dode that from his perspective,
Yahweh's Amma saved him.
He is thanking Yahweh for sending his
Amma, this productive mother,
who was the one that saved him.
And then I'm reading the Ruth story again,
and she begins by saying,
I am your Amma.
She says it twice.
And then she's speaking to Boaz,
who's one of the two columns on the
temple.
And so he's no ordinary dude.
And he's kind of the unofficial mayor of
Bethlehem.
And I'm reading this whole story,
and she tells Boab,
I'm going to deliver to you the kinsman
redeemer.
We know who the kinsman redeemer is.
And Dodo, of course,
was her great grandson, or great,
great grandson, one or the other.
And so she wasn't doing that to Boaz,
not in that life.
But it's a factual statement.
She did.
And in Bethlehem.
And then I'm toying with the idea, well,
you know,
there's more to this because God had to
figure out a way to save mortal man
and he needed somebody that wasn't going
to give up because building that damn
boat, can you imagine the splinters?
Can you imagine the hands that would have
been crushed every time one of those glue
lambs banged the wrong way?
And somebody that's actually going in the
middle of a landlocked area is gonna build
a damn boat because...
God asked him to,
he's being mocked by everybody.
And what kind of a personality would do
such a thing?
And then you read God's salutation to that
story,
how that story is emblematic of the
covenant and the arc of the covenant.
And the rainbow is the sign of the
covenant.
And then you read God's salutation to each
of those players and what they represent.
at the end of the story and how
they literally saved Nesalma man and Shem
went on to be the forefather of what
became Yisrael and you go, okay,
well that's,
and then you read that when you put
the timeline together,
you know when Noach finally checked out?
Yeah, Esau and Abraham on Mount Moriah.
Absolutely.
He's one of the witnesses that's watching
this whole experience with Abraham Yishak
and the lamb who was towed and with
Yahweh,
which is why he's called a young man,
because that's God's inside joke,
because I'm younger than
than Dode.
And it's been the inside joke since I
first met him.
I've always been the young man.
And you know what Catan means in terms
of the Catan Mayor?
Younger.
It means the younger one.
And I'm reading that and saying, oh,
my goodness.
And then you're reading the story of the
he was uncovered after having a couple of
cocktails and probably frisky with the old
lady.
And he's, you know,
sleeping without the covers on, naked.
And I know somebody that does that every
night.
And
Your personality just doesn't change.
And then you're reading the story of Ruth
and Boaz.
And when she's having this conversation,
all of a sudden she's so interested about
covering up with the cloak.
You need to cover this up.
And she starts with the same story.
And you're going,
I've heard that story before.
And the way that it's woven together,
it is just after a while.
And then you read how Ruth...
comes into town.
She is really in love with her
mother-in-law.
She's had a husband that's passed away.
And she makes that great speech,
your people are my people,
your God is my God, where you go,
I go.
And one of the great speeches ever in
her introduction.
And she gets to Bethlehem
And she's going to take care of her
mother-in-law.
So she says, you know,
there's a field over there that they're
allowing us to to harvest some whatever I
think grain of some sort.
I'm going to go there.
And she says, you know,
that's that's my relative.
That's my favorite thing.
guy in the world over there that's boaz's
you know he owns most of this town
and you hear the story about how she
uh went to uh and knew she was
going to get noticed by boaz and then
boaz does notice her he catches she
catches her eye big time and the first
thing he uh he does is yeah woman
i know all about you you don't need
to introduce yourself yeah you're a really
good woman yeah i've
I've heard your story.
I know exactly who you are.
And then their first real conversation is
this.
I'm going to deliver to you the kinsman
redeemer.
I am your alma.
When I'm reading things like that, I said,
God's cheating here, man.
He has had this whole story with a
hundred details that tell us who the
characters are.
And the purpose was to tell us that
when Dode came back to fulfill Pesach,
Matzah, and Mekotam,
after he'd had such a rough go in
his previous life,
there was no way God sent him in
there to do that alone without support.
He had such a crappy mother and father
in his prior life.
There was no way that God would send
him in with a crappy mother and father
again or with absentee brothers again.
And then I'm saying, okay,
well then we know who delivered the
kinsmen redeemer into whom.
And then I go back, I said,
I think there's something in that
twenty-second mizmor that explains this.
And there is,
right in the middle of the story.
He just says, a little departure here,
but my father impregnated my mother and I
was born with the breaking of the water
and I came out of her womb and
then I suckled on her breasts.
And you're saying, okay,
born the old fashioned way.
What a story.
And then you go back to the prophecy
that I shared.
I don't know if it's yesterday or today
on Isaiah.
A seven, fourteen,
I believe it is the one that's always
corrupted to the virgin birth.
And you find out that it's a it's
a word that is taken directly out of
the eighty ninth Mismore.
that takes us right to Dode and to
the relationship Dode had with his,
what would have been his adoptive mother
at that point, his surrogate mother,
although he doesn't call her a surrogate
mother,
he just calls her M in the Thirty-First
Mismore.
And you find out there's a direct tie
between Isaiah seven,
fourteen and the supposed virgin birth.
and the Alma and what it says in
the Eighty-Ninth Mismore.
And you'd say every time you turn around,
there's another,
another affirmation of it.
And what you find is that, yeah,
it was always consistent.
I will say on a more contemporary basis,
contemporaneous basis,
if I remember correctly, when,
Leah first communicated with you,
it was like, you know, who are you?
A goy teaching us Torah.
And Yah comes full circle.
Well,
look at Obed-Edom and what Yahshua says in
verse sixty-three.
Who comes around to unite Israel and
Yehudah?
Who does it?
I'm not goy.
I'm just bringing that up because that's,
I don't think, no accident.
No,
and you're dealing with things like Moshe
knew us,
not only as El Dode and my Dode,
but he is writing the eighteenth chapter
strictly about Dode,
and then he has a whole chapter devoted
to the Nakri.
And then when Solomon decides he's going
to reintroduce the Nakri to Israel,
he knows they know all about the Nakri.
It's in the Torah.
Mm-hmm.
And he's not introducing somebody he
doesn't know because that knackery was
instrumental in his father's recovery and
his upbringing.
It was all about him.
Once the lights go on and then you
say,
I know the plan now and the people,
then every time you read a prophecy or
every time you read even something that's
in the Torah,
immediately the lights go off and you say,
or go on and you say, wow, okay,
well,
there's another affirmation of that one.
To the point where you're there in Matzah,
you're with him at Chag Matzah.
Yeah.
when he's fulfilling that prophecy.
Yeah, Eliuth is the term that he uses,
which I struggle to understand what it
means until you understand the role of the
tree of knowledge and its relationship to
the tree of lives and how the Choder
is described quite literally as the tree
of knowledge.
It's Etzadaiath.
It's the tree of knowledge.
And when you're reading that and then you
look at Eliuth, Eliuth,
is from AL and it really only has
two primary meanings.
Either lamb, a ram actually,
or the most prominent of trees.
So it becomes pretty obvious that the
players all along have known who the
players are in the story and how they
continue to make a reappearance.
that your only concern is uh would you
have some memory of your of a prior
life mike i have some other comments ruth
said she was a knackery in ruth to
ten chapter two verse ten i also had
a question about noah uh well so it's
never specifically said who noah's wife
was or who any of his wives were
correct
It's very seldom that the wife's name,
like Noah, had a, excuse me,
Chanuk had a wife because they gave birth
to Methuselah.
So, but the wife's never mentioned.
Noah had a wife,
but the wife's name is not mentioned.
But there may be a clue.
So the sister of,
usually it doesn't mention women much at
all.
So the sister of Tubal-Cain was named
Nama.
So it's always been postulated that Nama
was Noah's sister.
Two Ball Kane was a metallurgist,
so that would have been handy.
have a brother-in-law that was a you know
black metallurgist or maybe nama even
learned the craft from her brother hey did
you hear the the story that was just
uh reported i think it was yesterday the
day before and uh israel up north in
the course of of the coast of israel
they uh found a um
a shipwreck uh from uh the tenth century
eleventh century bce uh ninth century and
uh and eighth century bc uh bce so
dode's time and right after that
And the thing that was so interesting
about the shipwreck is that no one
understood at the time how iron,
which was the most valuable commodity
during that time, how it was distributed.
And what they found is that if you
take iron all the way to the final
point where you made a billet of it
and you took it by sea,
which is the primary means of
transportation,
it rusted and pitted and rotted and it
wasn't very useful.
But if you don't take the iron all
the way to the point where you're the
final firing and you pound it all out
and you leave it in this kind of
a pillowish state that it's
self-protecting and you find that the iron
from a metallurgy point of view is still
fresh and malleable and usable.
And they found in these shipwrecks
enormous amounts of iron that had been
just processed for transport
and hadn't gone through the final refinery
or the pounding of the billet form.
So metallurgy does go back further
than what we had previously thought.
And I remember going to Ron Wyatt's home
years ago,
and I don't know how much Ron Wyatt
was right or wrong,
and I'm not gonna try to testify for
him,
but there's a lot of things that Ron
Wyatt ended up saying and found that have
subsequently appeared to be true.
But he has a number of samples in
his home.
from the Noah's Ark find.
And some of those are metal samples and
also petrified wood samples that are just
really interesting when you look at what
the metalurgy was that was used if he
in fact found that site.
no reason to doubt that he didn't.
And because the hydrodynamics of the
method that he went,
he actually built a three degree relief of
the mountains of Ararat as they were
likely existed back at the time because
they're volcanic, they've changed.
And he put a replica of the arc
in this thing that he had framed up
with,
so it would hold water and then
let the water come out.
And it says, okay, well,
that's where it settled.
And he went right to that place and
that's where it was.
Uh, and, uh,
he showed me the metal or he didn't,
his widow showed me the metallurgy of it.
And it was, uh, uh, fascinating.
And the fact he showed the samples of
the glue lands that were, uh, were used,
um, pretty well.
The oldest bronze sword found was in
Turkey dating back to the time of Noah.
It was, uh,
Bronze made of copper and arsenic,
actually.
It's the oldest sword ever found.
I'd call it more of a dagger.
It wasn't real long.
But it's fascinating.
If Nama was Noah's wife,
then the line of Cain and Seth would
have survived the flood.
because Nama was from the line of Cain
and Noah was from the line of Seth.
And if Noah started when he was twenty
four years old,
he would have had like five hundred years
to build the ark.
Mm hmm.
Imagine sticking with it for that length
of time.
And the sons could have contributed.
Well, I mean, when you're a baby,
you can't,
but they were a hundred years old when
the flood happened.
So they could have contributed for maybe
eighty years, you know, ninety years.
I think you get so much more productive
time when you're living that long.
It's not fair that you live to be
five hundred years old and you have this
idea that you're going to be like eighty
like you would be now.
Right.
Your productive period of life has got to
expand as well, you know,
from twenty five to four hundred and
twenty five or whatever.
You can't be.
What do you think about the theory?
And I've heard a number of people argue
it that.
We know from the Torah's description that
the flood began with a deep upwelling of
seawater.
That's what the terminology in the Torah
describes,
is an upwelling of deep seawater.
and then we find the berkel impact crater
dating to about that period in the precise
location where we find uh sediment from
the ocean going all the way up through
mesopotamia and we find that the black sea
uh rose five hundred feet and at that
period changed from fresh water to salt
water and that the bosphorus straits were
blown out at that time and we've we
now know from ballard that
There were early civilizations,
quite advanced civilizations that were
around the shores of the Black Sea that
were all inundated by that,
which would have been an Assama man.
That the theory is that because of the
size of that impact crater and the angle
that it hit,
that it actually changed ever so slightly
the the rotation of the earth on its
axis,
which had a significant effect after all
of the debris fall out from the that
strike that had some effect on the
longevity of of humankind.
That's tough because a day is a day.
We measure a day from sundown to sundown
the next day.
And so if you get more sunlight,
then of course your year is going to
be longer.
But that doesn't mean your measurement of
living five hundred years is longer.
Right.
You've just had more time in that space.
More water vapor in the air would preclude
some of the cosmic ray and the decay
of our bodies.
I haven't gone into the physics of it.
The theory is there's less UV radiation or
gamma rays.
Yes.
I mean, there was more.
What am I trying to say?
After the flood, there was more gamma.
gamma radiation or UV radiation than
before the flood.
So that causes cancer,
reduces our lifespan.
It changes the elasticity of those cells
to the,
around what the technical term is of the
thing that causes cells to be elastic and
replicate.
The telomeres?
The telomeres, that's it.
Yeah, the telomeres.
We had a
Just the change of the telomeres alone is
enough to account for the degradation and
the length of human life.
And that could have been written into the
code of it,
or it could have been partially a factor
of these events.
Many, many years ago,
I read a story about a canopy theory.
The risk was covered with the water vapor.
Mm-hmm.
It's true and not in some kind of
boundary, at least it sounded like.
Is that what would happen if we live
a thousand years from now?
Later,
is Earth going to be protected in some
way like that?
It could well be.
I've spent a fair amount of trips back
and forth to the petrified forests that
you find in New Mexico and places like
that when you're driving through.
And it's interesting that in the largest
petrified logs, there are no tree rings,
which the tree rings are indication of wet
years versus dry years and the thickness
of it and that sort of thing.
But there weren't indications of tree
rings,
which means that we could have had a
water canopy that
may have made it possible.
For example, why were dinosaurs so large?
What enabled them to grow to that size?
What was different in our climate back
there?
And why was the...
area around the Arctic,
why did it have tropical fauna and flora?
Because that's what we find in the
stomachs and the mouths and the samples
around the animals that passed away back
there at that time is it was tropical.
So we clearly had a...
a water vapor of some kind shield that
protected us from cosmic rays and also
made the Earth more moderate and somehow
elongated life,
made it possible to be that size.
And you can't be that size anymore.
The environment won't allow it.
Is there also degradation over time?
Yes, I think that that's very true,
that when you look at the history of
the human genome, as we have,
we're less healthy.
We are as a species, we are deteriorating.
And what you would expect to really every
species, because what,
ninety nine percent of gene mutations are
negative.
So, you know,
when I've seen some statistics, too,
in terms of of
The fertility of men and the ability to
impregnate women,
it's hugely down from what it was.
Men are hardly men today.
We've had some really significant
degradation in the human genome.
The ultimate example, I guess,
of that would be Donald Trump,
but I'm sure there are other examples.
What you're saying, Craig,
about testosterone levels have gone down
dramatically in the last century to
century and a half,
and there's almost a linear correlation
with the introduction of chemicals,
fertilizer,
and the obsessive use of seed oils,
which have bonds which oxidize and age us
very rapidly.
There is a correlation,
and that also correlates with heart
disease, diabetic syndrome.
I mean, it might be hard to believe,
but at the beginning of the twentieth
century, coronary artery disease,
heart attacks, was a very rare disease.
Cardiologists were a very rare breed.
And what Mike is saying- That was the
number one cause of death.
Yeah, now it is.
Yeah, well,
Mike is saying the events that occurred,
the change in the atmosphere is, you know,
the gamma rays with a very high energy
short frequency light that does cause,
that can cause malignancy.
But,
and then with each cellular replication,
our telomeres actually shorten.
Yes.
And it has gotten to the point now
it's so short that we are,
as a species, we are degrading rapidly.
So JB,
as you were first exposed to this,
and I don't expect anyone to say, well,
what a great theory,
but because it was a lot for me
to process,
and I am now in a position where
I've never been before,
which is that previously you would
translate something, you'd think about it,
and over time you would develop an
understanding of what you were processing.
And starting about a year ago,
something changed where I was actually
seeing things before I would find the
verification of them.
And then I'd be led to the verification
of them and work out what God was
trying to say.
It's just like, okay,
you've done a nice job up to this
point.
We've got to hurry it along.
And so I'm going to accelerate the pace
that you're going to discover these
things.
But this idea that we came into with...
the thirty-first Mishal that Dode had a
mother and she had a husband and they're
the ones who tried to get his his
head screwed back on right and then where
that goes with Leah the Leah of uh
who said that she is the Asherah and
what that meant and then the which is
how that Psalm ends and that um
She's referred to as this very special
mother of Dode with her husband making
this recovery for the son who is the
king.
And what that led to,
what was your reaction, JB?
For me,
I'd say I am very grateful I found
Yadda Yadda when I did,
and I went on this journey this whole
time.
Because if I came along now,
I would probably have a lot different
reactions than I do,
because I've been reading this for so
long, studying it,
verifying your translations and all that
to the point where I pretty much trust
you.
I still verify everything I can,
but my initial reaction was,
that's interesting, let me go look at it.
But like I said,
I'm glad I came along when I did
because if I didn't have that experience
and I came in and started listening to
some of this, I'd be like,
this guy's off his rocker.
That's exactly why I said I wanted to
pull away from social media and just focus
on the core family that we're going to
take into the millennial celebration of
Sukkah,
because the pace that we're discovering
things now is such that these kinds of
things are not going to resonate with the
average person,
and we don't have enough time left.
to get somebody up to pace such the
point that God's going to trust them to
be part of the Shabuwa harvest at this
point.
So there's no point in continuing in those
venues.
And our responsibility is now let's
complete the library.
Let's complete the story.
Let's get our key team and family
together.
up to pace.
And in that group, there's an advantage.
That's why I'm going through,
this is the most difficult thing that I've
come across in terms of sharing,
even though it's obvious with Dode that it
was true.
And therefore,
if he did it with Dode and he's
doing it with Elia,
the likelihood he's doing it with other
people is very high.
And then the evidence is significant.
So it really shouldn't be a shock to
the system, but I know that it is.
And your point was my concern at the
time.
I'm not very good at keeping secrets.
I validated this now,
but I share this and it's really going
to spin some heads.
And at this point we have to recognize
that what we're sharing is not for
everybody anymore.
But you made a very wise executive
decision several days ago and decided,
starting with the micro,
we're going to go back and we're going
to reinforce the basics.
We're going to go over the building blocks
so that we keep things in perspective and
build and build and build so that it's...
It makes more sense, and it makes...
I think that was the key,
is that let's build our own foundation so
that it is rock solid.
So when we're confronted with something
new,
we don't have our chins down on the
table saying, oh, no,
what am I going to deal with that?
Of course, that's unnatural.
That is the way you would expect Yahweh
to operate.
That was my reaction when I finally
figured it out.
Of course, that's exactly what I would do.
If I were Yahweh knowing him,
that's what I would do.
So, of course,
that's what he's going to do.
And I will tell you that even in
these basic presentations, for example,
as I was going through Shibuya yesterday
and prepping for those shows,
which will be six, seven, eight shows,
it's a lot of material to go through
on Shibuya.
I was told by Perry,
who has looked at every question and every
answer that exists on the Ask IATA,
which is actually Ask the AI Assistant,
questions that the most often asked
question was on,
who are those eight people that are
mentioned regarding Shabuwa, Taruah,
and Kaporam?
And actually Sukkah.
Who are those eight people?
And so I said, well, you know,
I think I'd probably better go back and
translate that whole section again and
think it through.
And so I'm only doing this for the
basics because that's what the program is
all about.
And I came across one of the most
riveting prophecies I've encountered so
far.
I haven't shared it with any only with
two people at this point,
but it's riveting what it has to say.
And so you'd say,
how in the world did God come up
with that?
All those many years ago,
it was three thousand five hundred years
ago that he wrote that.
How did he do that?
So all of a sudden you're going to
keep a secret?
It's just a teaser.
I've actually got to listen to the next
show.
Yeah, it's in my Shabu.
In fact, I've actually sent it to you.
You guys can actually find it if you
really hunted for it.
But because I think I sent you,
each of you, the Shabuwa notes,
just in case we did a show on
Shabuwa and you wanted to prep for that
show.
It's in there, in that Shabuwa notes.
And now I'm giving you a real clue.
It's also in the preliminary discussion
leading up to who those eight people are.
And so it's, oh boy, it's a...
it's blow your mind kind of thing.
So anyway, JB, I'm with you on that.
That was my same reaction is that,
and my,
My other part of the reaction was,
and after I read Ruth, I was,
that was it for me.
I said, okay, okay, I get it,
I get it.
And then I read the affirmations of Dode
and I said, okay,
I'm not gonna argue with this.
And it felt just so natural to me
after the whole Thirty-First Mismore,
the Fifty-First Psalm,
the Thirty-First Mishal Proverb,
and then the Fifty-First Psalm,
and then the whole story of Ethan Hodge
Rocky, what his name means.
and how you can trace uh that personality
back and uh so i became convinced but
then i realized that and i had a
conversation with god i said you know this
this is not going to go over well
i get it i'm pleased with it i
i i get your story and oh by
the way it's a damn big ask you
know you've put me in a lot of
very difficult positions so far and and i
know you're confident we're going to see
this one through but it's a really big
ask i know your give is huge but
You're asking a lot.
And this is, you know,
I didn't sign on for this.
I'm gonna accept it.
I'm gonna move on.
You know, we're gonna finish this,
get this thing through.
But I knew this was going to be
a difficult thing.
And then the thought came to my mind
and it's been prevalent for the last
couple of days is we actually have gone
through the Ask IATA log.
And what we found is that there are
ninety nine percent of the use has been
great questions smart people uh and you
can even identify who the people are and
we have to have the logs because if
you don't have the logs then you don't
know uh whether or not the ai is
is performing correctly and uh and now we
see some there were some entries down in
dallas the guys came to the assistant man
obvious who asked those questions they
were really good questions and uh grok did
a good job uh not grok but uh
uh the uh
clawed version of our AI did a good
job of answering them.
But when we had several of the mother
goddess cult really trying to be
manipulative and nefarious,
the thought that came to my mind,
particularly after they had one of their
little flying monkeys write an entire book
just to disparage me,
is that how lucky we are,
how fortunate we are.
that they're gone.
Somebody that malignant,
who is just doesn't want to add anything
to the conversation,
all they want to do is tear down.
And in you wonder, say, Okay,
let's just say that you were successful.
And you undermined everything that I've
learned and everything that's been said
about me,
let's say you let's say you were able
to do that, then what?
They get to celebrate in hell with all
the people they brought.
But beyond what God says about them.
But then what?
So let's just say that the one person
that brought you all together,
that you were able to prove that you
were idiots for those ten years that you
were all brought together and you were
commending everything that you were
learning.
And let's just say that you proved that
you were wrong and that he's wrong.
Where does that leave you?
Mm-hmm.
If you really think that you have a
new insight and that your new insight is
worth developing,
wouldn't you have a public disclosure
website?
Wouldn't you write your own books?
Wouldn't you go away and say, okay,
we left that.
We have no interest of ever going there
again or saying anything about that.
We're going to go on our new way
and we're going to demonstrate that we
have the answer.
They see your translations as a buffet.
They can pick and choose what they want.
They can change Yahweh's name,
but we'll keep this intact.
And then
And now look at where they are.
They're right back to where they were,
just yode, hey, wah, hey,
because they're just so confused.
Look, their goal, you know,
instead of growing and glowing,
their goal is to rip, tear, and destroy.
Correct.
And that's it.
That's all they do.
And they basically are,
what they're doing at this point in time,
at this juncture, in my opinion,
is wonderful.
uh, worse than what Miriam did.
Oh, of course it's much worse.
However, it's also,
but it's also magnitudes worse, Jeff.
Magnitudes worse than what Miriam did.
I agreed.
And that's why God took us to that
story.
But by the same token, it's marvelous.
It's absolutely marvelous.
God now has a filter to say,
you're gone.
And we're not going to be bothered by
people that could be that malignant.
This all started, this all started.
I'm sorry.
This all started with Leah,
and I know that you called them flying
monkeys,
and they actually early on attacked Jake,
and they were just saying extremely vile
things about you,
but in particular about Leah.
And I just have been thinking this last
week,
I just think it's great that Leah stands
as a living rebuke.
This is Yahweh's response to what they
said about her.
This is how he answered them.
This is who Leigh is to me.
Yes.
Yeah,
I think the timing of letting them go
and make, just like Miriam did,
she wanted to use...
moshe's wife as the needle to turn the
people against him and that was her
approach and of course god didn't even
respond to that he just went directly to
no you're not uh but uh when they
took that approach and then god comes out
and he has this whole story about the
ama and uh being uh ashura uh ashar
uh it's and being ruth it
It completely exonerates Leah.
She didn't need exoneration,
but what a wonderful, you know, it's just,
it's got, you know, God said,
I've got your back.
Yeah.
Talk about separating the wheat from the
chaff.
You talk about that.
I mean, come on.
right captain kirk you've been together a
long time we've had very frank
relationship very close relationship for a
long time what was your thought as uh
as um we were going through that thirty
first uh michelle and where it led um
to god has uh some people that are
souls that he likes and trusts and
redeploys well quick background uh twenty
years of studying
theology, every book there was,
and I still couldn't figure it out,
and that was a, I don't know,
pretty smart fellow through college and
all,
and so I know in debater and everything,
I know things that I know,
and
And I know how to look up things.
So all of a sudden,
I ran across you.
And all of a sudden,
everything started making sense.
And I put them all in order.
And it's been almost twenty years now.
Still making sense.
Yeah, it's making sense.
I know how to prove it.
I was doing it today just for fun.
And I've checked everything you've been
coming up with.
And we say,
go where the words lead you.
No matter what,
because it always turns out to be true.
And so, but it didn't disturb me.
And I thought it would disturb people.
Really,
the only thing I thought is it might
disturb so-and-so and so-and-so and
so-and-so.
Yes.
Oh, my God.
What are these kind of things?
Yes.
And then I keep one thought in mind.
I've known you a long time.
I gave thousands and thousands of dollars
a month to all these people I used
to be involved with in Christianity.
Nothing I wouldn't do.
You ain't asked me for a dime yet.
And it cost me a lot of money.
But not to you.
So come on.
If there's something you're getting out of
this besides this wonderful relationship
with Yahweh, I don't know what it is.
Well,
I get the wonderful relationship with you
guys.
And I haven't arranged marriage because
evidently I made a deal with Yahweh
saying, you know, I'll do this,
but I want her to come back with
me.
There are some perks that, you know,
when I say, God, that's a big ask,
you're putting us back in this position
now.
And, you know,
you come back and you say, yeah,
but young man, look,
look what the dividends are.
And didn't I give you a great team?
You're well supported.
You're in a beautiful place.
You couldn't be in a finer situation.
So, you know,
it's you're going to you're going to
you're going to see it through and it's
going to be great.
And I think the issue is that, Dr.
Jeff,
maybe you're in the worst or best position
to have an appreciation of this.
The thing that changed my mindset on all
of this,
as I began to have an appreciation of
how meaningless the body was,
and I became to have that when I
realized that when Jode had volunteered,
he was sort of coerced,
but he was talked into it and agreed
with it,
that he should serve as the Passover lamb.
And that's not human sacrifice because the
body is disposable.
can give us a new body at any
moment and a much better body,
and there's gonna be times we're gonna
have our souls go in and out of
all different types of energy-based
systems and physical bodies of our
choosing.
We're literally gonna be able to talk
matter into a situation that pleases us.
Once you realize that the soul,
the nephesh,
is not something that even can be
explained,
within our frame of reference,
which is three dimensions.
It has no mass and it has no
energy that we are able to measure.
And yet it is essential to life.
And it is absolutely separate from the
physical body.
And yet the physical body can't live
without it.
And so what is it?
And once you get a better feeling of
how the soul is the sole repository of
our aptitudes, our attitudes,
our personalities,
and all of these kinds of things are
enveloped in our soul and that the body
is a meaningless vessel for the soul and
easily manipulated and replaced.
then the whole thing begins to make a
lot more sense,
how God can take a soul and plug
that soul into a period of time,
any way he wishes to do it,
and bring that soul back to Shemaim and
redeploy the soul when it needs to be,
when that particular personality and
attitude and aptitudes are right for the
next situation.
So the understanding of a soul made a
big difference for me.
Now, you're a medical doctor.
What do you think about that?
Am I making too big a deal of
the difference between a Nefesh and a
Bashar?
Not at all.
What you just did actually quite
eloquently is explain the reason why souls
are eternal and live in perpetuity and why
bodies are not and why a body can
be replaced.
don't the soul doesn't follow e equals mc
squared as you as you were saying yeah
it cannot be quantified uh it's hard it
we can begin to qualify it as you
have but you it's basically it's it's
eternal and it's who we really are this
covering this our or just what we're about
although it's a wonderful design when you
think about how it's
created,
even for the transient time that we're
here.
It's all about, it's all about the soul,
which is eternal.
And that's why, you know,
we've spoken over the years, knowing Yah,
knowing Torah, that's the ultimate,
ultimate Rapha, Rapha, healer,
because that provides eternal,
eternal life.
Someone like me, it's sort of like, uh,
you know,
a mechanic who's been given a certain set
of skills to deal with the transient
flesh.
The physical body, yeah.
There's doctors of souls and doctors of
flesh.
Very different things.
By the way, all souls are not eternal.
Most souls are not.
They're mortal.
But a soul can be eternal when a
physical body cannot be.
And the beauty of a soul,
because it has no mass,
a soul can transition this universe.
You can see the entire universe as a
soul with no mass,
but you would never be able to do
that with a body.
So your soul has to be free of
your body for this universe to have any
value to anyone.
Thank you for bringing that up.
To leave the third and to go into
the fourth, fifth,
sixth and seventh dimension,
you have to be transitioning those
dimensions with a soul without mass
enveloped in energy for that to occur or
it is physically impossible.
they are speaking about fundaments which
we learned from you is that you know
there are three destinations for potential
destinations uh for the soul um one of
our very first discoveries yeah that yeah
which is which is right five years ago
that's that's correct that's correct um so
you're you were uh my guess is you
didn't have much of an issue with uh
the us plan of uh redeploying
souls because a soul is something that he
can't that i mean there's souls that
yahweh's going to cherish forever that
he's come to trust he's gone through his
evaluation period he says i trust you and
i want to spend more time with you
uh and we're going to do stuff together
we're going to be deployed doing stuff
with yahweh forever so i it seemed very
natural to me it sounds like it sounds
pretty natural to you trust yeah from
everything that i understand and know and
what i'm learning
trust and rely on Yah's word and just
the level of understanding and just making
the connections now is like you said,
beyond exponential.
But if I can convey and now it's
a late date
and I've told you this for many years,
if you can just introduce somebody to you
and introduce somebody to your work and
they can take the, no pun intended,
the bull by the horns,
that's potentially eternal life.
That's real healing.
That's real doctoring, in my opinion.
And I would say that even though we're
at a late date now for somebody to
come up in speed and demonstrate to you
how they're trustworthy to should be
trusted to go beyond the three dimensions
of our planet.
those that there is an element of this,
because all of us are here because we
heard or saw something that piqued our
curiosity and it brought us here.
And then we pursued that until the point
we could wrap our heads around it and
understand it.
That anybody that is in that position now
is really ideally positioned for us when
we return,
there'll be all ears wanting to know more
And there would be an ideal candidate
either for the Taruah gleaning or for the
ultimate purging of that mortal remnant
for Sukkah on Taruah.
So I think there is tremendous value in
saying something that does resonate with
people.
But I think the whole story is just
so fatherly, so parental.
so supportive when you consider it this
way.
You know,
if you had a favorite relationship and
you're adopting that person into your
family,
wouldn't you want to just continue to
enjoy working with them and all manner of
situations and see how it all develops?
Yeah.
And Jan knows you're going to succeed.
He's already said so.
And when I think of what Yashia was
at sixty-three,
is going to say how it's going to
happen what's going to happen it's it's
going to happen right i want to challenge
that just a little bit and that um
god is really unhappy god is really really
unhappy right now and uh yeah he is
is getting more and more unhappy when you
read things like Yeshiyat XIII or anything
in NUL, God's really angry with humanity.
And so it's going to,
we obviously only succeed to a fairly
minimal level because most, he says,
I'm going to make humanity as rare as
the golden aurifor.
We don't convince very many people.
So you have to start with the realization
that to be successful from God's point of
view is to be doing what we're doing
right now.
To have a committed group of men and
women who are
working, who are learning,
who are loving you and are committed to
seeing it through,
from God's point of view, this is success.
And when you read how the best characters
in his story struggled through their
lives,
and most of them gave up at one
point or another,
just finishing the job is success.
just finishing the job.
It'll be so rare to finish the job.
Yeah.
So, Will, when you first heard this,
I just think this is such an interesting
topic to talk about how Yawa has
intervened all the way through the
process.
What are your thoughts?
Yeah, I mean, I thought that's, again,
it's, you know,
it is the ultimate chess move.
Yawa gives a lot of freedom,
a lot of free will out there.
And that's a lot that can go wrong.
And he's trying to get something very
specific done.
So it's just fascinating that it seems
like that was his solution.
That's how he deals with it.
It's like that's his little edge that he
has.
You know,
Yawa has a real sense of fairness and
gamesmanship.
But this is what he kind of held
this back for himself.
as long as, you know,
he had the people that he could work
with of his choosing,
he can go with that.
He doesn't need an army of people.
He needs a handful,
a few good men and women that he
can really trust.
And I think one time you said, yeah,
I was looking for sort of rough and
tumble people who are willing to take a
stand.
I mean, it's just,
that's the rough outline of what he's
looking for.
Just we, you know, in our, I'm,
I'm in sales and, uh,
You know, we call it, you know,
getting it done or make it happen.
I mean,
there are just some people who just make
things happen.
You would have been one of those people,
Yada,
because you brought companies public.
So as a CEO with a lot of
executive function,
you have a lot of responsibility and,
you know,
you obviously were very good at that.
But I grew up as a salesman.
That was my career.
And I was crappy at it.
And so I had to invent a different
way to sell because I didn't have the
personality for it.
And so what I did essentially was I
figured out by talking to people what they
needed.
Not so much what they wanted,
what they needed.
And then I figured out how to provide
to them what they needed.
And if you're providing to people what
they need and you're explaining to them,
I've surveyed your situation occurred a
lot about your situation.
I've thought it through.
I've examined it.
And I think this is what you need
to be successful.
And I'm here to provide that for you.
At that point,
you don't have to sell anything.
No, no.
It's very the sales process is very easy
when you lay it out that way and
you take away the, you know,
the salesmanship and the, you know,
talking constantly and talking fast or
whatever.
Your better salespeople are really good
teachers and communicators and can isolate
what you need and that they can solve
that specific need.
They're very realistic about it.
Yeah,
you begin by analyzing what needs to be
accomplished, and then you provide that.
And then you demonstrate that when things
go wrong, and they do.
And I think this is the thing that
is so essential to Yahweh.
He wants us to make mistakes so we
can learn from them and grow from them.
He wants us to trip and fall so
we can get back up and prove that
we have some stamina and some
intuitiveness.
That's the whole thing that changed my
career as a salesman,
not only inventing a way to sell such
that I invested all of my time getting
to know what the buyers needed to be
successful and then how I could offer them
precisely what it was that they needed.
But the other thing was
Sometimes the analysis wasn't as good as
it should have been,
or sometimes there's other circumstances
come in that the thought process may have
been outstanding, but it just didn't work.
And very early in the process,
every time there was a problem,
I fixed the problem.
If a product didn't sell,
I bought it back.
I became the guarantor for the buyers that
I represented.
The word got out that a buyer could
not get themselves into trouble.
They could not make a bad purchase if
they trusted me on a promotion.
That if it failed, I'd buy it back.
And you might say, you know,
how do you do that if you're getting
started as a salesman?
I'll tell you what,
it was really tough initially.
But when you get a reputation for doing
that,
everybody wants to do business with you.
And it makes so daggone much money on
commission.
Everybody wanted to do business with you
becomes really easy to buy stuff back.
And when you buy it back,
you you generate more business than you
could ever imagine.
Right.
Yeah, that was the brilliance.
That was the brilliance of Value America.
Craig, you essentially,
you made them an offer they couldn't
refuse if they had a brain.
Yes.
Yeah,
it was a much better mousetrap than Amazon
even is today.
But, you know, things happen,
and the way things happen,
it led to this opportunity.
You know, one last thing, Craig,
that's really remarkable to me,
it's how much Yahweh trusts us.
It's Amunah,
and so Yahweh asks us to trust Him.
He really wants that,
but He's willing to demonstrate to you,
or at least to this group of people,
this A-team,
or whatever we want to call them,
the A-team, you know,
and He set this up well.
He does,
and there's all sorts of times where I
say,
are you sure you're managing this
correctly?
I mean, I know me, and, you know,
I'm not sure I would roll the dice
with me.
I mean,
I'm not going to give up on you.
I'm happy to have the job and everything,
but certainly you should have been able to
do better than me.
And, you know, then he says, no,
you're pretty much what I expected, and,
you know, you're doing great.
pretty good for a young man.
That's just his approach.
He's not looking for perfection.
As soon as that weight is removed from
you,
that he is not looking for perfection,
he wants us to make mistakes so we
can correct them.
I tell that to my favorite fact checker
so that he knows that mistakes are part
of the process.
We need to make them so we can
correct them and learn from them.
When you realize that that's part of the
process and that it's fun to learn,
it's fun to grow,
it's fun to find affirmations.
It's really fun to stumble into something
that God wrote thirty five hundred years
ago,
knowing that we would find it at the
right time that we so we could use
it.
And we would laugh along with them and
say, I remember when two days ago,
Rich walked into my study and I had
just translated.
I said, Richard,
just not going to believe this will just
blow your mind.
This is so funny.
And that happens all the time.
So that takes the burden off.
And then when you realize, finally,
what Doe did on Himatsa,
where he took our guilt and deposited it
at Sheol,
so that we may think that we're kind
of shabby.
That's not how Yahweh sees us.
He only sees the good, even in Kevin.
You were among the first to hear this,
Kevin,
that it became evident that God had some
personalities that he liked using and that
had worked out well for him in the
past.
And that the single most important moment
really in human history is recovering his
relationship with Dode.
And that's how we were introduced to this
reality and how essential it was to make
this happen,
where Leah is referred to as Doad's
mother,
and I'm referred to as her husband,
and very, very favorable circumstances.
Then it leads us directly back to the
Eighty-Ninth Mismore as the solution when
we're going through that.
Yeah,
we talked a little bit about it on
the phone once.
I'm okay with Adam as Dode.
That makes sense.
Firstborn son, first Neshama.
I mean, that just layers in nicely.
And then when we start to have...
because there is Torah evidence for those
things.
I'm okay with El Dode, my Dode, Gabriel,
Michael,
all those things were really gelling and
making sense.
And I remember we had that conversation
that as soon as we start bringing in
others, that other souls,
whoever they may be, all of a sudden,
all these players in the torah game board
become on the table right who was moshi
before who was elia before who was and
you have alluded to to samson even you
know i mean all of them why not
continuously work with with the same folks
over and over that you know you can
trust you know and as the as the
evidence comes up for it they make this
now
know uh you being dode's father and and
uh alaya being uh ama dode's mother you
know that's not a stretch because it is
in that time in thirty three c e
right yahweh is still is still god's
father okay absolutely his first you know
i mean the father of his soul
Right.
We only even in the realism of what
happened thirty three years prior to
thirty three B.C.
or C.E., even in that realism.
We don't technically become Dode's father.
His soul was conceived by Yahweh.
We become his supportive parents.
We become what he didn't have in that
previous life.
The reason he had such trouble with women
and such trouble with going up and down
and instability in the relationship and
seeing things through is he did not have
the opportunity to have a good mother and
father.
And having a good mother and father makes
a real difference in a person as they're
growing up and and what they're capable of
doing.
And and also just the quality of their
life of having someplace you can go that,
you know, your family supports you.
They love you and they are committed to
you and they know who you are and
they appreciate who you are.
So it's it's still with Dode a a
symbolic realism, if you will.
Yeah.
The physical body was raised by sheep the
first time.
Yeah, the physical body was tossed away.
Right.
Okay.
So we conceived that physical body that
was tossed away.
Yahweh conceived the soul,
which is why we called him Emmanuel,
God with us.
And, you know,
and already written a thousand years
earlier, a song that called him Elion.
Elion, exactly.
God with us.
So we clearly got it and knew what
the responsibility was.
We've been through this with him in much
rougher times than this.
Yeah, absolutely.
The only other thing we talked about that
I wanted to circle back to was,
do you remember the Torah story about when
God, Yahweh goes to the guy and says,
hey, guy, we're going to do this thing.
And then halfway through that thing that
they're going to do that God,
that Yahweh says, you know what?
You're no longer my guy.
I'm going to go work with these other
guys over here.
Do you remember that story?
Yeah, I don't.
I don't remember.
No, I don't.
That y'all starts with, hey, Moshe,
let's go.
And then doesn't finish with Moshe,
you know.
Oh, yes.
And there is no story where where God
approaches Moshe and he picks the wrong
guy.
He picks the wrong guy.
I don't remember any of them that, yeah,
we got halfway through the thing.
I know I've got the arc half built
and said, you know, this is too tedious.
You need to find another guy.
Right, right.
Yeah, that when, no,
that doesn't happen in the,
there's no place that happens in the
story.
And that's why I think that Moshe was
Yosef.
I think that's how we became familiar with
Egypt and fit right in.
And as Yosef demonstrated,
he had the stick-with-it-ness that he
would get it done because Moshe was asked
to do a far more difficult job than
Yosef.
I think that Moshe's job was actually more
difficult than Dod's job because of the
attitude of the children of Israel and the
fact he really did not want to do
that job.
He really did not want it.
I think Moshe's was the hardest job of
all.
And that's why I'm convinced that God did
not find him tending sheep and say, Moshe,
Moshe, you're my guy.
We're going to go do this.
And when Moshe says he doesn't want to
do it,
it just came right back in his face.
He says, come on, pal.
I made the mouth.
I can make the mouth work.
What's your next excuse?
But they'd been through it before.
Yeah.
You know, I can't prove it.
I haven't taken the time to do it
with Samson yet,
but Samson seems like the ideal candidate
for Elia.
I mean,
I can't imagine that Elia has only had
one life with all of the stuff that
he did in terms of the dress rehearsal
for the Adam of Perrault.
And I'll check it out.
And I haven't done it yet.
It's just not been a priority.
there's other things that are closer to
home i want to know who this ama
is and uh and who they uh and
exactly all of our interactions with dode
and what my role has been so that
i understand where i've been and what's
expected and and sometimes there are
moments where the job just seems
overwhelming and there's so much criticism
uh and you just say oh come on
I'm rolling up a waterfall.
Social media is just a beast.
It can't be done there.
What's the point?
You have those moments and then you
realize, good God,
I've been doing this for fifty-four
hundred years.
I haven't given up yet.
Why would I give up now?
I think that for me too, the
the insights that you can glean from the
Gadol and Catan Mayor and how God begins
his story by saying,
I got a couple of guys.
And they're both great, he says,
but one's younger than the other and one's
greater than the other.
And one's going to reflect the nature of
the other.
That's his job, reflect his nature.
But they're both going to volunteer
together.
to serve as signs of the Moedim.
And that's how we're gonna get this done.
And he sets them up as the fellows
that fulfill the Moedim.
And that's the plan he has to keep
on track.
The rest of it kind of slips,
not a big deal.
But the Moedim have to be fulfilled at
the right time by the right people in
the right way.
And that's why we had to do what
we did to save the Salma man.
That's why we had to do what we
did to salvage those relationship with the
Iowa.
And that's why we had to come back
and create the environment around him to
support him.
uh to fulfill the moed mikra and that's
why we're back again uh to reintroduce him
properly to the world for capone yeah yeah
otherwise it just it just doesn't happen
our relationship we're not together if god
didn't do that none of us are here
and there's really no future for the world
so i i think that there's so much
writing on this that god didn't leave it
to chance
and he doesn't want to no it wouldn't
be fair i mean it wouldn't be fair
to yahweh to restrict him so much that
it gives him the inability to keep his
promises he's trustworthy and reliable
yeah and you can't and he came up
with the plan where he literally took his
favorite children and weaved them into the
story to be at the right place at
the right time yeah he chose that he
says he's a quality parent yeah
So when I came up with this the
first time, you were immediately, okay,
yeah, that makes sense.
He's going to keep his word.
Yeah.
In fact,
I think you were even there when I
figured out how it worked because I was
so frustrated because I couldn't
understand the way this worked with time.
The summer,
we've kind of been bouncing back and
forth.
It's like,
why does it always appear that it's kind
of the same characters show up at the
right place at the right time and
everything works out?
But you can't go back in time.
So, oh,
then you start with Chanuk and Adam.
Then you're not going back in time.
You're just reinserting people in the
right places in the timeline with whatever
they need to know to get the job
done.
Which is a great reason that Yahweh plays
favorites.
Because he knows who he can trust and
rely on,
even if they don't understand it
themselves at the time.
And they work their way into it.
What Kevin just said really just sums up
in a very brilliant way why Y'all wouldn't
pick a putz like Paul to do what
he did or an Akiba or any or
Muhammad.
It just doesn't work like that.
It just justifies all the work,
all the work,
that you've done um and you've got to
stay on script that is the that's the
key you've got to stay on script uh
if you're reading the torah and prophets
even if you wrote some of it uh
you you've you've got to stay on the
script you if you're not committed to go
where the words go and the to recognize
yahweh is consistent he does not change he
has a very methodical approach to how he
wants things done and you're to reflect
that approach
then things go well.
And if you want to color outside the
lines, they don't go well.
I mean,
you just can't color outside the lines if
you're going to do this job.
I'll give you an example also,
one of the most,
that I still find head-turning,
but it makes all the sense in the
world,
is when you figure it out and put
forth the opinion and theory about Shem
and Dode.
and the whole issue about what being
anti-Semitic is and the way Yav used him,
not just him, but his son.
So,
and just the way history has played out
about what being anti-Semitic is and what
has transpired.
Yeah, think about how far Dode fell.
And he fell way before the Bathsheba
incident.
He and God were not talking.
And it actually transpired,
it may have been, I mean,
the incident that may have triggered it is
when Dode got all mad at God for,
killing the fellow that tried to interfere
with the picture God was painting of how
the bull was gonna pull the Ark of
the Covenant into Jerusalem.
And he interfered and God killed him for
ruining the story and Dode had a
conniption fit and that may have been the
triggering event.
But from that point on,
until Dode starts writing his Psalms
again,
Yawa and Dode were not on speaking basis.
And Dode on that, the fifty-first mizmor,
I mean, he really sinks to a low.
And that letter that he wrote to get
Uriah killed is one really despicable
piece of work.
And yet Yawa continued to love his son.
He knew he wasn't talking to him.
He was disappointed in him.
but he continued to love him through it
and gave him the support that he needed
to get back where he needed to be.
And I just think that's so exemplary of
who he is and why we don't have
to fret what we're being asked to do.
God's expecting us to have moments where
we slip up.
Dode did,
and he didn't give up on Dode.
What he did,
he didn't forgive Dode and he didn't give
up on Dode.
And he didn't pretend like it didn't
happen.
He figured out a way to solve the
problem.
And he couldn't solve the problem through
Nathan.
He heard Nathan,
but he didn't respond to him.
He needed to send somebody in that he'd
have to listen to.
And the only person that Dode would
actually listen to is the person who would
do what Dode was being asked to do.
The closest thing that Dode had to an
equal in terms of the sacrifices that he
would make along the way.
So when I look at it from that
perspective,
what I see is a father that knows
exactly how to resolve these kinds of
issues.
And he did it in a way that
worked out for everyone.
What better way to think I would do
for my son?
I'll go to hell and back for him.
Yes, exactly.
Without breaking away from who he is,
he didn't have to compromise at any time
who he is to resolve his son's issues.
And then when they were together,
he continued to support him.
He just never put Dode back in a
position.
Dode was never again back in a position
where he didn't have support.
Because Ethan Hodge Rocky, in that role,
did not abandon Doade after delivering the
Eighty-Ninth Mismore.
He was absolutely there with him,
and that's why Solomon knew him so well.
No, he did not abandon him,
and that's why he didn't send him back
alone.
There it is.
this is the most passionate of men.
But sometimes when we are both fully
emotional and fully astute mentally,
that there can be conflicts and you go
off the rails.
And so he just precluded that from
happening by keeping him properly
protected.
We were kind of the,
Leigh and I were sort of the,
enclosure of Eden for him,
a little bit of bliss,
a little bit of home again for him.
One of the things I loved about that
story, too,
is that there was no way that Paul
could have had the argument with who he
called Peter, who was Shimon,
and the argument with Yaakov and the
argument with Yahukana,
which he calls them so-called disciples.
if there were not those men that were
close to and supportive of Dode as the
actual Messiah,
if there were not men like that, with,
you know,
Jacob being identified even as his
brother, if there were not men like that,
then there's no way that Paul could have
had that argument.
And you wouldn't see it in his letters.
And so this explanation of them being
Dode's brothers during this time is and,
you know,
the support that he had from his mother
all the way through the Christian myth
didn't come out of nothing.
It's it's a counterfeit.
It's not an original story.
And this this is the first time I've
ever conceived something that explained
what they stole, what they counterfeited.
Ever think that through, Mike,
and what the advantages are of of that?
Sorry, I was on mute.
Okay.
I hadn't really thought about that
exactly.
Okay.
It's an interesting thought.
Because there had to be an actual Ya'aqab
and a Yahu Kanan and a Shimon that
were very close to and protective of...
for Paul in fifty-two CE to go to
war with him.
In the first letter,
he condemns both Shimon and also Ya'aqob.
And in a later letter,
he condemns Ya'uqan and they wouldn't be
known.
There would be no argument against them
unless there was somebody that was close
to him, knew him, supported him.
That's true.
Somebody had to be there for the beginning
of the Ebonites, the Ebonim,
recording what he said,
particularly in the two speeches that are
so hostile to Christianity that are only
available in Matthew because he
plagiarized the Ebonites.
Somebody had to be there to record those.
So yet you found another way to implicate
Paul and his dastardly lies because Shaul
Paul, as they say in...
In Tel Aviv, he's full of hada.
He's full of crap.
Yeah.
All right.
Well,
the time we have left while we're doing
this,
I'm going to say we all we do
now.
Perry does have a microphone on.
So, Perry,
you were here during that whole discovery
period.
You had arrived just prior to us coming
to that conclusion.
And, you know,
you pretty much keep your emotions inside.
Sometimes your expressions don't say
what's inside, but.
When you arrived and you heard that, boy,
we have evidence that we've been here
before.
What was your thought?
Well,
I look at things the opposite way JB
does.
I look at the big picture and I
say certain things have to be for that
story to be there.
So when you started bringing up all these
details and all that,
the story started to make sense.
And it was like,
now the big picture makes sense because
I'm starting to see all the little
details.
And they're coming hot and heavy,
and the story's becoming rock solid.
Yeah, I think the story gels.
And what I think he's meaning by JB
is different,
is that you and I have a tendency
to
uh to develop the story from the details
we're looking at letter from letter word
for word stem conjugation uh we're
building it by the basic foundational
blocks and we build it up by translating
it and then trying to understand it uh
my view has never been big picture down
it has always been the details that create
all the pieces of this
portrait,
getting them all in the right place,
get them all framed.
But it's always doing the right thing with
each individual piece.
And I think you're you're a little like
me and that and that I love to
see the whole picture come together.
And I think I see it now this
for the first time,
all of these pieces in the proper order
over time,
even in a four dimensional realm of space
and time.
But I think you and I did it
from
the details up as opposed to the massive
view down.
Yeah.
Macro.
Yes.
Piecing the puzzle.
I appreciate that, that macro.
I remember when I first came into the
covenant,
rather than go down the road of
translating,
I realized I had to capture this whole
narrative.
I had to understand Yahweh's point of
view.
So I attacked just the, you know,
the body of work.
And in that you pick up all the
details,
but I guess I probably would be a
little bit more like Perry.
Like I take a macro view first and
then maybe go into the details after,
but there's certainly a wisdom in,
in building it from, uh,
with the foundation, you know,
with the information.
I think ultimately you need both.
I feel like I have a foot in
both camps now.
I'm,
I'm about half my time the micro and
half my time the macro.
I still get my biggest charge now is
when a detail helps to put another piece
of the puzzle or portrait in the right
spot and you have it perfectly shaded in
the right vantage point.
I still love it when the little details
emerge and you find something that's
delicious.
That's my treat.
But, you know,
understanding the big picture of this last
six thousand years and what the next
thousand years is going to bring and how
we're going to get from here to there.
You know,
you want to be big picture and be
able to verify it through the details.
You know,
when you combine the micro with the macro.
Yeah, you become the maestro.
All all true.
All right.
Let me we've got to share a little
bit about the the eighty ninth Mismore.
I'm going to read through a few statements
of it and then we can comment on
it as we conclude this program.
And I would love to have the sign
off be the.
uh the shepherdess of days because that
was such a marvelous uh way of
communicating sometimes when i hear those
songs uh kevin my reaction is what in
the world am i doing maybe i should
just shut up and let my wife sing
and then i realized that she got the
lyrics of all these songs because of what
i was translating and sharing and learning
that's where she gets all the lyrics for
the song so i thought i'd have to
keep my day job regardless uh
you know one of the things what i
learned too is that you know recently we
tried to outsource the writing of that
timeline and uh and i realized that okay
well you know i'm not going to be
unemployed anytime soon no so sometimes
sometimes it works out just uh just fine
you're not you know you want to make
sure you have some value going forward i'm
kind of an old guy i'm fifty four
hundred years old i want to make sure
i still have some way i can contribute
and
It is Yada Yawa.
It is not Dr. Jeff Yawa.
It is not JB Yawa.
It's not Kevin Yawa.
It's Yada Yawa.
It is.
By the way,
I'm just so glad we've got Yawa's name
on the website and the header,
and it's not fussy.
It's swordish because it kind of expresses
his mood at the moment.
And I am so thrilled to have my
name off of the header and down there
in the footer where it belongs.
And it's...
So we are still Yada Yawa on the
books, but the website, it's Yawa.
You know, we know our place here.
Now, God's view, by the way,
would be just the opposite.
You know,
our view is everything's about him.
His view is everything's about us.
Yeah.
It's amazing that God is responsible for
all that we've achieved.
And, you know,
he's set us up to be successful,
and yet he wants to give us all
the credit.
He's happy to give us the credit,
wants to.
In fact, if you try to say, no,
I don't want the credit for that,
he says, come on,
don't run it for me.
This is fun.
Anyway, it says,
what man of strength and character who is
confirmed and empowered to prevail
continues to live while restoring life?
and will not witness a continuance of
death as a result of the plague.
So,
That one's pretty obvious, right?
I mean, it's, at this point,
we've got Ethan High's Rocky is writing
again.
Yahweh, he provided the introduction,
Yahweh just did a crescendo, you know,
there you go, he's my son,
he's my guy, he's my chosen one.
He enabled the covenant,
so I literally cut the covenant with him.
And I'm his father, he's my son,
so he started off with a bang.
And then, you know,
Ethan explained his role with Dode going
forward that, you know,
he's the guy that ultimately takes out
Rahab so that Dode can return in his
full glory to earn some credibility with
Dode so he could share this message.
But then, you know,
Yawa's just all over Dode,
just says Dode is the one.
He is everything in this story.
Everything.
And then Yawa goes to, you dastardly...
People,
what in the world are you robbing my
son for?
There's just nothing that irritates me
more than you robbing my son.
And then it closes with Ethan Hajraki
jumping back in and kind of giving us
a summary.
So he's now saying, so, okay,
now we've heard from God on this.
What man of strength?
What man of character?
A Gabor.
And Gabor is the Hebrew word for strong
man.
It's the basis of Gaborah and Gabriel.
That's the same word.
So what man of strength and character,
God's already called, by the way,
in this very psalm, his Gabor.
But what man of strength and character who
is confirmed and empowered to prevail
continues to live while restoring life?
That means that when he...
would and has now,
but would then sacrifice himself,
his body as the Passover lamb.
It didn't cost him his life.
He didn't die.
The body was sacrificed.
Doe didn't die.
You know, this myth of Jesus,
he died for your sins.
Well, no, he didn't.
Well, first of all, there's no Jesus,
but the person who fulfilled Passover did
not die.
The body died.
And it's so essential to refute
Christianity.
And it's so essential also to understand
this deployment of souls and how they go
forward in the story.
So he continues to live.
And he's the one that restores life and
that he will not witness a continuance of
death.
Death will happen to the body,
but not to the soul.
He delivers life.
Now, speaking of Yahweh, he, as in Yahweh,
delivers his soul,
rescuing and saving his persona,
his consciousness,
from the hand and the indulgence of Sheol
or Shaul.
So it is Yahweh who would and now
has made certain that
Dode was brought out of Sheol,
and more importantly,
he rescued Dode's reputation from Shaul.
Brilliant use of the word that can be
conveyed either way in this circumstance.
He delivers his soul,
rescuing and saving his soul, his persona,
from the hand and influence of Shaul.
Pause now and consider what this implies.
God,
if we'd only had Jews two thousand years
ago, who thought about that?
Right.
Or even today,
Christians that would think about it.
Now, this notion that God is David is,
you know,
dead and buried is in his his grave.
That's the opposite of what's being
written here.
There's a reason that Paul never quotes
the Eighty-Ninth Mismar, I can tell you.
It absolutely destroys his whole get up
and get along.
There's nothing left when you know it.
And he goes on to say,
where is your unwavering love and enduring
favoritism,
which was expressed first and foremost
Formally from the very beginning,
my upright one and Lord,
which you promised to doubt.
Your unwavering love that you promised to
doubt.
Your favoritism that you promised to
In harmony with your steadfast commitment
to being trustworthy and reliable.
Psalm eighty-nine, forty-nine.
Very clear.
That I...
This begins by saying that Yahweh is
loving and adoring and devoted to Dode,
and that he is honorable and can be
relied upon pursuant to Dode.
And now it's concluding by saying,
if you're going to write Dode out of
the story,
then who is the recipient of your love
and of your trustworthiness?
There's part of this, too,
that just tickled me fancy because I
played the card that God is not a
lord.
He is a father, which is true.
He is a father.
But there are times when dote refers to
Yahweh as my lord.
There's times when Isaiah does it.
There's times when Moshe does it.
And here,
if I'm right about co-authoring this,
I just did it.
And you have to come to grips with,
is there an appropriate time to use that
kind of a term with Yahweh?
You would write Edom the same way,
which would be my upright pillar.
It's a little awkward to say the upright
pillar of my foundation,
but what I came to realize when we
saw,
Leah, as in the mother of Israel,
of Yehudah anyway,
referred to herself as Asher.
And then the thirty-first Mishal,
where Dode is expressing that his mother,
this Em,
birth mother, he hated,
so this is a very different person,
is Asher,
and she's the greatest among women,
and that she is rather extraordinary in
this regard.
And so she's referred to as Asher,
and her husband in the most favorable
light is referred to as Baal.
And then you go back and you read
that Yahweh tells Israel
I was bailed to you in a very
positive sense.
I mean,
I was your husband is what he's saying.
I was your husband.
And so you realize that in the right
context, it's particularly for the time.
Like if you go back, uh, uh,
forty years ago, fifty years ago,
it was very customary for us as young
people to refer to an older person as,
yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, ma'am.
Right?
So we did.
It was a sign of just respect.
And Lord would be a sign of respect
in the sense of that's how the term
was used.
Kings were called lords.
And Yahweh, you know,
so long as you know his role is
to be a father and he is our
God and that he has a name, Yahweh,
that's what they did occasionally.
There would be a Lord and you realize
that when God used Baal speaking of
himself in his relationship as a husband
in the covenant relationship with Israel,
that the term isn't all bad.
Husband is a good positive connotation.
And here upright one in Lord is meant,
whether it's Edom or Adon,
it's meant respectfully.
And so then you get to the realization
that while Baal is used as a false
god as well,
and Satan is acting like the Lord,
isn't it a corruption of an otherwise good
term?
That's a Satan's modus operandi.
All right.
and that many Hebrew words have a dark
and light side,
and they play off each other quite well
as with a dark and light side.
So, you know,
you can't work around every time that
someone like Yahshua or Dode or Moshe,
here now, Ethan Hajraki, uses the term.
And I don't think they all meant the
term
the very complex way of uh of you're
the the foundation and upright pillar of
the tabernacle don't you think it's to say
the difference would be a lot of people
would say lord and master like a slave
relationship yeah but saying at the time
uh adon was very much like calling
somebody sir yes sir
I find myself occasionally when I'm
talking with you and I'm going to engage
in a conversation, I say, yes, sir.
You know, it's more just like a, yeah,
I get it.
And OK, yeah,
I respect your position on this.
I accept it.
That's where we're going to go.
It's like a private talking to a general.
It's yes, sir.
I understand what you've just asked.
You know,
it's it's almost a way of saying I
acknowledge what our relationship and what
you've just asked.
Anyway, I just think it's interesting.
And it's one of those things where I'm
quite certain that I went to too much
of an extreme where I recognize that Satan
does want to lord over us and has
coveted the term to become the Lord God
of religion.
But that veil isn't always negative.
They didn't have they didn't have a right
to change his name and call it and
scratch it out and put it in his
place.
That's that's bad.
And then pretending that that there is a
God named Baal and that you are speaking
for a God named Baal.
That's really bad.
And, you know, like Yahshua,
I think it is, or Yirmiah,
I think it's in the twenty third chapter.
And there's a whole dissertation about
replacing Yahweh's name with Baal.
That's a bad thing to do.
That is absolutely a wrong thing to do,
but it isn't a wrong thing to do
to refer to Yahweh as the Baal husband
of the covenant with Yisrael because he
says he is.
Context is everything here.
Context is everything.
It's interesting, Jeff,
that you say that because in context,
I'm comfortable, I think,
with my upright one pillar and foundation
when we think of what...
the eighty-ninth psalm is communicating
and the grandeur and the splendor of that
psalm to use words like upright one pillar
foundation they do seem to go no yeah
they do i am as i am as
well i agree with you will i i
just it's just what hasatan does he
corrupts everything even like i grew up
the canaanite god l
yes yeah see yeah he calls himself uh
uh l which is uh god's title uh
so there's almost everything is corrupted
uh uh ashara uh is the mother of
uh of god the queen of heaven and
yet uh leia and uh and conceiving again
uh says that she is uh ashar she
is blessed and beneficial among women
meaning it in a very positive way.
And one of the twelve tribes is Asher.
And Asher is used by God as an
adjective, as a preposition, as a noun,
as a proper noun,
as a verb throughout the Torah and
Prophets.
And, you know,
he is not speaking of a...
pagan goddess when he's using the term.
So it's, again,
it's context and you can twist something
that is good and make it bad.
And you can take something that's bad and
twist it to make it good.
And the goal is to
render the truth accurately and fairly,
and recognize that words are tools that
communicate meaning and in the right
context, a word like veil can be positive.
A word like Asher is usually positive,
but it's corrupted when it becomes a
goddess and a religion.
All you end up doing is changing words,
corrupting them to create Babel.
Yes.
Yeah, Babel isn't confusing on its own.
The basis of Babel confounding is based
upon intermixing truth and lies.
So it's like taking the dark and light
side of something and creating a sense of
confusion over truth.
taking a positive turn and making it sound
like a negative term.
Of course,
it's mostly taking something as a seed of
truth, like Christianity.
There are many elements of Christianity
that are counterfeits,
and they're counterfeits of that which
were true,
but they become false when they speak of
a counterfeit individual.
You're taking the truth and you're
counterfeiting it.
And so Babel is the method of confusion
by intermixing truth and lies.
And sometimes a word can have both in
the same word, like Baal, like Asher.
Lots of words where that space.
There are no bad words.
And I think my favorite has always been
Yisrael, because Yisrael,
they engage and endure with God or they
struggle against God.
Yisrael.
Perfect word to describe that.
Is Israel a dirty word?
Yes.
When it's Israel acting as they did most
of the time during the Exodus,
they were striving and struggling against
God.
And yet the term is something that God
is endeared to.
He is reconciling his relationship with
Yisrael,
which means ultimately Yisrael is those
who engage and endure with God.
And there's lots of Hebrew words like
that, but Yisrael is a perfect example.
And so here again,
this is saying that God made a promise,
a Shabbat, to Dode.
And that promise was in harmony with God's
commitment to being honest,
to being reliable.
Which means if you replace Dode with
someone like Jesus or Bar Kokhba,
you're calling God a liar.
And there's really no other way to get
around that.
So as we...
moved i think there's only three more
statements uh skipping through all of the
commentary here uh but as we move to
the conclusion this says my upright one
again my lord you have chosen to remember
the most memorable of men mentioning that
you are mindful of your sons and
This is zakar.
You recall and never forget to proclaim
the account of the young men.
It is the call imperative second person
masculine singular here and there is a
really interesting word I think in Hebrew.
You like to look things up, Mike.
But zakar as a noun means young man.
And zakar as a verb means to remember.
And most nouns are defined by their
actionable root.
So when he uses zakar,
and particularly zakaron,
which would be all things pertaining to
zakar, I think we're always wiser, fairer,
more honorable, more true to the text.
if we can combine the actionable root into
a noun and not just leave it hanging
out as a verb or a noun without
the other parts of its character.
On Facebook, I try to put all the,
you know,
the main word and then all the,
if it's a compound word,
I try to put the, you know,
all the two words that make up the
compound word.
You're the best at compound words,
and particularly in the really tough ones
where the prefix
is uh is tough to uh figure out
uh but uh you're also really good at
at where you know strongs may say and
this is the root and you say you
know i don't think so because uh there's
a there's another verb that's spelled
exactly like this uh with the uh with
the exact spelling as opposed to two of
the three letters and and it uh takes
you in a slightly different direction
that I always thought is interesting.
And you've done a really marvelous job all
the way through with the books of saying,
yeah, that's what it says.
But, you know,
maybe you want to think about this because
it leads in a slightly different direction
that is usually better.
Tehillah is one of those.
Yes.
The one, well, one of the words is,
usually translated as prey.
Yes.
Yeah.
But that's not what it means.
No.
Part of it is either to intervene and
act as a mediary to resolve a problem.
And then there's the,
what's the second aspect of it?
I think it's based on PLH.
PLH.
yes and i agree with you looking strong
it says it's based on pll which is
to intervene right and p-l-a-h is is uh
what's the definition of it that's like to
um be set apart yeah that's it okay
and then the t the t part of
it
Without my notes, I can't tell you.
I know.
But but the difference was to be special,
to be set apart, to be uncommon.
And even if it has even if you're
to blend the two together,
to be distinguished by your interaction
that resolves some kind of an issue.
uh collectively that is such a powerful
concept and it and when you define it
with the blend of those things it always
fits the sentence better than the
unsupported pray the t part i don't
remember the word i can look it up
i mean i've got it um but it
can either mean
Like you have a desire to do it
or, or you're abhorred by it.
So it has the positive and negative
meanings.
like a lot of Hebrew words have a
light and dark side.
Yes.
Have you, you know,
my favorite compound words are the ones
that begin with an interrogatory,
you know, taking car and making it mikra,
for example,
taking so many Hebrew words that are like
that.
Mitzvah from
combining the word for instruct and direct
with the ponder the implications of it.
Those are my favorite compound words
because I had not,
like misphat is another one where you're
taking shafat and you're putting a prefix
on it to ponder the implications of.
When I came up with that,
I was unaware of anyone who had
written a lexicon or a dictionary to point
out the what i thought was a fairly
obvious combination of the interrogatory
with a very common hebrew word when you've
studied your words have you found anybody
else that has done that no that was
a great insight with the m being from
ma which is to question the who what
why when where how
and it just it makes things like mikra
versus uh kara you know we know the
the root of it is kara but why
did they put the uh the be their
m a uh h or m y why'd
they put the interrogatory to it because
the
The thing that separates Mikra from Kara
is us pondering the implications of these
invitations to be called out and meet.
And that's where we come to know and
understand.
Exactly.
Yeah,
there's so many words that are like that.
And many, many,
many Hebrew words are compounds of common
words.
Ish, Sarah, El is such a great example.
Ish being the...
hebrew word for individual and sarah is
abraham's wife but the name can mean to
endure to engage but also to struggle and
wrestle and l being begot but many of
these words are are marvelous studies uh
in
and what they mean,
and when you take them apart as the
compound word, then you've got something.
One of my favorites is,
and I've never heard anybody do an
analysis on this either,
but there are about ten Hebrew words
that have the suffix "-on-" at the end
of it.
Shabbaton is, of course,
the most famous of them,
but so is Elion,
is another example of this.
When Yahweh is introducing Dode,
he uses "-atom," and it's followed by
"-on."
And Zacharon is another of these,
where it's all things pertaining to
whatever the word was that preceded it.
You know,
all things pertaining to the influence of
God, Elio,
all things pertaining to the purpose of
the Shabbat and Shabbaton.
These are Zacharone,
all things pertaining to the most
memorable of men.
On the own,
I'm assuming you're spelling it
L-F-W-A-N-U-N, right?
It has to be that one, right?
Yeah, it's pronounced, I mean,
the own sound comes from,
there is no supply for the O other
than the WA, so it's a WA-NUN.
uh that creates the uh the conclusion of
it so we write it o-w-n uh as
the wall noon and the wall would be
the symbol of uh of water of course
and excuse me not the water but the
tent peg and the uh uh so it's
the tent peg plus a uh a child
or a sign of birth
uh so you know water is the source
of uh of life and and uh they
this is a sperm and a seed um
taking root and growing um so those would
be the two letters like i always thought
that even trying to understand the words
from their component pictograph letters
was an interesting study
Well, Kirk did a great job on that.
That was awesome.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Coming from Mike, that was great.
Yeah,
Kirk was also the first to recognize that
some of the word could go from,
he wanted to have a general rule that
if there were one of the four letters,
there's just three letters with one
repeated,
but if one of those letters that comprises
Yahweh's name, the yod, the hey,
and the wah, were in a word,
And if the other letters in the word
were leaning towards it or looking towards
it as you wrote them right to left,
the word was usually positive.
And if they were leaning away from it,
then the word was usually negative and
most Hebrew letters lean from right to
left.
So it would be a word that would
begin with a letter in Yahweh's name and
then end with another letters that were
not in his name.
Then they would typically be looking away
from the letters in Yahweh's name and they
would usually be negative.
And if they,
but if they look the other way towards
the letters in Yahweh's name,
they were typically positive.
Even a goy could come up and look
at yellow and you'd be all right.
Yeah, you could.
It's an open hand reaching down and out
to us,
two people standing up with the two hands
reaching up to their father in a very
loving kind of embrace,
paying attention there,
awareness of him standing up, walking,
not bowing down,
and reaching up to that hand.
And those two individuals are connected
by the tent peg,
which enlarges and secures what would have
been the family home at that time.
To enlarge it and secure the family home
through these two people that are looking
up,
reaching up to God and his hand reaching
down to us.
Yeah, you're saying so.
The way it was written,
you could figure it out,
particularly if you're an artist.
You know,
just to conclude for the audience that's
listening,
it took me about twenty seconds to look
up zakar.
It does say young male child.
Yeah, yes, yes.
Three places to find it,
but there it was.
Yeah, there it is.
Zakar is a young man,
and zakar as a verb is to remember.
And since there's very few Hebrew words
where the verbal
root in zakar and zakar written exactly
the same in hebrew there's no
distinguishing between the two of them uh
it's uh unconscionable uh based upon all
that we have studied where you wouldn't
combine the verbal actionable meaning into
the noun which becomes a memorable man
yeah
And it changes your understanding in a lot
of places where you realize who the most
memorable men are in God's story and why
they're memorable.
It really does.
Yeah.
So then this says,
so my upright one and Lord,
you have chosen to remember the most
memorable of men,
mentioning that you are mindful of your
son.
Those who work with you are dishonored and
disrespected.
They're insulted while taunted,
held in contempt while slandered and
abused.
Boy, isn't that ever true?
I mean,
look at the history of those people who
have worked with Yahweh and conveyed his
message to a person.
They're all chewed up by everybody and
their presence.
It is probably the most thankless job
ever, toughest damn job ever.
And it says in a demonstrative and intense
manner,
Lift me up and bear through me,
forgiving by carrying away in me with my
body all the many people and the great
family.
So here is Ethan Hawes Rocky saying, yeah,
this tough damn job.
And look what happened to Dode and how
he was disrespected and would be
disrespected.
And so that all those who work with
you, universally,
No exceptions.
They're dishonored.
You know, if you're popular,
it's for darn sure you're not working with
God.
Everybody loves you.
You're an influencer with millions of
followers.
You can rest assured you aren't speaking
for God.
So Bennegram didn't read this one.
Yeah, that's right.
So, yeah, this is it, man.
You're in the wrong job.
So Ethan knows he's done it before.
He'll do it again.
Those who work with you are dishonored.
They're disrespected.
They're insulted.
They're taunted.
They're held in contempt.
They're slandered and they are abused.
And that is the way it is.
And the more you learn about Yahweh and
the more you go where his words lead,
like that's why I was pushing this most
difficult understanding of how God can
redeploy and chooses to redeploy his
favorite souls because it sets this job up
to being exactly that,
taunted and insulted and mocked and all of
that sort of thing.
That's exactly what they're going to do
with that kind of information.
But it's our job to go where the
words lead.
And that's what the words say.
And so he's saying in a demonstrative and
intense manner.
Now, lift me up.
Bear through me.
This is a tough job.
But together we can make this go.
I can...
I can make this work,
I can even provide forgiveness and a
collaboration with you if you're
demonstrative in your enablement and your
support and pronouncements regarding me,
we can carry away their religious guilt,
we'll make this happen, he's saying.
And doing so with my body,
which is precisely what Ethan would do,
he is,
He is the man from Edom.
He is the Adam of Paran.
He knows it.
He has made that really clear even in
this mizmor.
He knows who he is,
and he knows that he has a job
to do,
and that job does not end with getting
Dode back on track in his relationship
with Yahweh.
That's just the most important step along
the way.
And he recognizes that so long as it's
with his body, no big deal.
Happy to dispose of that.
all the many people and the great family.
So he wants to have forgiveness provided
through his body,
no matter how difficult the job is.
And he says,
this is because those in opposition to
you, Yahweh,
They are confusing.
They are unable to think.
They cannot convey thoughts properly,
and thus they're insulting with their
belligerent and bewildering derision and
improperly discerned contempt.
They're there to discredit.
They're there to abuse inaccurately and
irrationally,
portraying thereby defiantly insulting,
creating myths regarding them.
The very footsteps, the stance,
even the recompense and reward as
treacherous foes of Jacob to deceive
because of your Messiah.
To have a eighty nine fifty one say
that at the end of it.
So there's Ethan's,
now he's writing the concluding prose.
This was a collaboration.
And he is talking about the cost of
all of this and particularly of
misrepresenting Dode as the Messiah and
how many people are gonna say awful
things.
And he even knows that he is going
to be one of those who's discredited
because of what he has to say about
the Messiah.
then it would turn out to be exactly
true.
And then he would know that ultimately he
was gonna sacrifice his body to restore
the reputation of the Messiah and solve
the problem of the people so that they
could be there when the Messiah returns.
And this is really detailed prophetic that
you're never going to see unless you know
who the players are.
This is one of the great advantages now
of knowing who Ethan Harsrock is.
He can make this claim in first person.
I'm going to give up my body for
forgiveness,
even though this is the toughest job in
the world.
And part of the reason this is so
tough is that.
particularly among Jews,
but among everyone,
they've all focused on discrediting,
taking away from Dode to create religious
myths,
whether it's Muhammad or Bar Kokhba or
Jesus.
And so the toughest job in the world
is to say Bar Kokhba,
Muhammad and Jesus are not Messiahs,
are not speaking for God.
They're all false.
It's all about Dode.
And so you're going against the religion
of the Jews and the two most popular
religions in the history of the world.
And you know you're ultimately gonna make
a difference by sacrificing your body.
And it's going to be because the world
has stolen those attributes and
accomplishments.
Now I'm not saying that there are even
one percent of the world's population that
are gonna understand that.
But we can't.
Benefit by being greeted.
This is his salutation to this most
important song ever written.
He says benefit by being greeted,
by being commended and blessed by Yahweh.
Having knelt down and loved to lift up.
What he's done for all of us.
We didn't lift him up.
He lifted us up.
From antiquity
into futurity and forevermore.
This is trustworthy.
This is verifiable.
This is reliable.
I'll sign this in blood with my own
because I know who Dode is.
I know who Yahweh is.
I love them both.
And I'll take the stripes.
We're saying,
dota is the messiah the son of god
and savior so jesus never existed ahmed's
a complete fraud judaism beginning with
barkakva as a messiah is a crime against
god's people dote is the one it leaves
you speechless doesn't it
And it's even more,
just to say that this might, you know,
as it relates to coming back and another
life to fulfill this last promise,
it is what makes this statement poignant.
Or you can say,
I'm going to give up my body.
I will do this.
I will do what is necessary to enable
the recompense to be paid so that we
can resolve this problem of your family
betraying you and your beloved son,
the Messiah.
We'll get this done.
I understand the problem.
I'm committed to resolving it.
And I know that job does not end
here.
And
A thousand BCE.
We'll be doing this again.
Not once more.
Not twice more.
Three times more.
And so even in the conclusion of this
song, it begins really as it ends.
That while
Co-authoring this song with Yahweh,
three thousand years ago,
was probably the most important thing I've
done in my long existence.
I wasn't working for myself.
I wasn't the end of this story.
I was just playing a role in reflecting
the sun's eventual brilliance,
and that all of this was for Dode.
Because all of Dode is for us.
That's what it says.
Is that the commitment here is to help
God with his beloved son.
Because that's the only way that God can
help us.
It gets right to the core of it.
And so the young man that
Ketan Mayor.
His job is to do what I'm certain
that Chinook did fifty four hundred years
ago.
And what did he do fifty four hundred
years ago?
There's only one way that Chinook could
have come to know Yahweh and earned
Yahweh's trust so that Yahweh would take
him.
Only one thing.
There's only one possibility.
You can run every scenario through your
head, but there's only one.
And that is the last three hundred years
of Adam's life, they coexisted together.
And that was a very small community back
then of Nassama men.
And he knew Adam, who was dove.
And he's the one person that went and
says, I want to hear your story.
I want to hear all about what happened
between you and God.
What was he like?
What did you guys do?
What did you enjoy in that relationship?
And yeah,
I know it's got to be tough now.
You've made a bad mistake and you threw
it away.
And you know something?
We're going to make this right.
You're going to have a chance to prove
yourself.
But learning about Yahweh from him,
it's the only way you ever could have
learned about Yahweh.
And then supporting as much as God loves
Dode, his beloved son, supporting Dode,
the way it had to happen.
So that's how I read this is that
we didn't go back in time,
but we were there at this time.
And that I knew by the way this
thing is introduced and the way that it
concludes that the reason I could do at
this time what Nathan could not and what
Yahweh could not.
Yahweh couldn't talk to him directly.
And Nathan couldn't get his attention.
Is that,
do you know if he inserted me here
as the guy that would ultimately be there
with Dode on Pesach and Matzah and then
give up my physical body to reconcile
Yisrael to Dode when he returns and
restore Dode's credibility and take the
stripes for that?
That I had skin in the game and
I could get his attention.
I could say, listen,
I know who you are.
And now you need to know who I
am because together we're going to make
this work.
And this is why we're going to make
it work.
And this is how it's going to turn
out in the end.
That's how it happened.
That's my take on it.
I've been doing this a long time,
a quarter of a century.
And that's where God has taken my
understanding at the end.
I don't think I've ever been more
comfortable with this realization.
It went from being frightening to me
because of the vulnerability of it,
the very thing here,
you're going to be slandered and taunted
over it,
to total and complete comfort because
you're now prepared to handle it and you
know that you've been through it before.
It worked out fine then.
Young man, young man, it may be.
a quarter century now, but young man,
it's really fifty four hundred years, sir.
Yes, it is.
We've been doing this for a long time.
And with each passing day,
I realized more and more and more of
what we have done in the past and
that this is not bragging by any stretch
of the imagination because it's strictly a
support role.
I mean,
nothing but really a projection of, yeah,
I was
love for his son and for his people.
And he just found a person that had
the
mental acumen that would be able to
understand the picture and had the
tenacity and he was never going to give
up.
And he had a kind of personality of
super judgy so that he would go through
the material and render conclusions
quickly and that would remain resolutely
rational.
I think, Mike,
that's one of the things you've seen in
the writing from the beginning.
We came up with a standard operating
procedure how we were going to do this.
We've never built...
detoured from that in any way.
It's the exact same systematic approach
every time.
And that consistency and that willingness
to know that being wrong is not so
bad.
because it gives you the opportunity to
demonstrate you're trustworthy by saying,
okay, yeah, let's fix that.
Let's make that right.
Let's learn from it and let's grow as
a result of it and earn people's trust
because there's not many people that can
admit when they're wrong, are there?
Pretty rare.
That's what brought JB and I together.
So we have a different relationship,
JB and I,
you and I, Mike,
and that you and I began by you
telling me I was wrong.
And JB and I began by me telling
him I was wrong.
And
by him being an agnostic and him finding
somebody who was talking about studying
God and was willing to admit that he
was wrong and correct it.
He says, that's somebody I can trust.
That's really rare amongst people.
And in your case,
our relationship began by you telling me I
was wrong.
And I said, oh yeah,
you got a good point there.
I was wrong.
Let's make the correction.
And being thrilled to have the opportunity
to make the correction rather than
bemoaning it.
Every time that I learned something where
I was wrong,
In fact,
I would say that you were the person,
and I hope we can do this program
together when we come to it.
You're the person who turned a portion of
my world upside down.
I had made a mistake,
and I was calling Shabuwa a barley
harvest.
And the reason I was calling Shabuwa a
barley harvest is Yahweh constantly says
that Shabuwa is a result of Teruah,
that Shabuwa really is a Bokudim harvest.
But bakoram is absolutely a barley
harvest,
and shabuwa is absolutely a wheat harvest.
And the timing of year and everything else
prove that,
but the terms that he uses for standing
grain is such that it is a completely
different concept
than Bokurum,
which is the grain is still growing,
it's green,
it's receptive and barley is sickled very
early and they process before it's matured
and it dries in the field where if
you did that with wheat, it would rot.
And so wheat is standing grain that is
ready to be harvested.
And it's still,
it's reached its pinnacle in terms of what
it's going to be able to do.
And you were saying,
I was writing something.
He said, no, you got that wrong.
It's here and here's the proof.
It's a wheat harvest.
He said, by the way,
you've covered this correctly in the past.
You're just not recalling which you've
written yourself.
And then it just hit me like a
ton of bricks.
And I said, oh my God.
I've got to go reread all of this.
I have still one last legacy of what
I grew up under, which is, you know,
you grow up in a society that is
so dominated by Christian mythology.
You know,
the harvest is trumpets and that Shabuwa
was observed back in thirty three C.E.
So it must have been Dode that fulfilled
it.
And that's so ingrained in the culture
that I grew up in.
And you're the one who said, no,
I think you need to look this through.
And I dropped everything.
I don't know if you recall the moment,
but I dropped everything.
And I said, you know,
I think what I need to do is
I need to do exactly what you told
me.
I don't know if you recall this,
but what you said is,
you're right in what you have said.
What you have actually written about this
is correct.
But what you're saying right here is
inconsistent with what you have written.
And so I read it all.
I went back and every reference to
anything remotely like this,
I read it from beginning to end.
And it immediately said, absolutely.
I was right in the middle of rewriting
also
questioning Paul as twistianity,
and I had gone from trying to justify
Shimon Kephesh Peter, and just say, well,
he was wrong about this and wrong about
that, but maybe this was his intent,
and to a point where I said,
I don't think that Shimon Kephesh said any
of this.
I think it was all put in his
mouth by Luke on behalf of Paul,
and all of it's wrong.
And so I came at the same moment
I was writing about how Shabuwa absolutely
was not fulfilled as it's described in
Acts two.
Did not happen in in thirty three CE.
Complete and utter lie.
And at the same time,
you're telling me that that, you know,
you've correctly presented Shabuwa as a
wheat harvest.
But you need to understand what the
difference between those two are and the
time of year and what this all means.
because that wheat harvest hadn't happened
yet.
And then we got our act together.
And then two days ago,
so I'll give you another little teaser.
I'm reading about the instructions as to
when we are supposed to delineate what can
be known.
To begin to pronounce the proper
accounting for the first time regarding
Shabuwa.
And we're told, I'm told,
that I'm not to begin that proper
accounting of Shabuwa and when it's to
transpire and what it represents until I'm
disparaged and slandered.
And when I endure being disparaged and
slandered, that's the time.
Hmm, when was that?
Exact same time,
exactly the same time you and I had
that discussion, Mike.
And that set everything up so that now
the entire picture and the entire story
plays out correctly.
And now we have a full appreciation that
Teruah is really that is the great day
of Yahweh's Teruah.
And it's the greatest story ever told.
Just to tell the story of Teruah is
two hours worth of conversation just to go
over the highlights of Teruah.
But Shavua, you know,
it's going to be eight programs to go
over Shavua.
And it's marvelous in its own way.
And it was that discussion,
fact checking from you.
That's why it's so important that Yawa
puts the right people in place because you
can't do this on your own.
It's amazing.
I say to Mike and JB,
it's the first time I've ever heard where
you have two wrongs making you more right,
which is what happened.
And that's literally what happened.
And don't forget,
you have another job because ultimately
you are going to be meting out as
the rod of divine justice.
Yeah, it is true,
but it's all over the place that that
is the case.
And part of it is I've been conditioned
so that I think I'm capable of doing
that.
I mean,
I wouldn't ever want to go into it
on my own.
I'll have very strict instructions.
I'll follow those instructions.
And we have the Malacca enabling the
process.
But I think I'm finally tough enough,
and that takes toughness.
that I'd be willing to see it through
to get it done.
But this is why you can't do this
job, particularly at this time alone,
and why Shabuwa has those spectacular
eight individuals.
Shabuwa would be a much bigger harvest,
of course, than eight individuals,
but it has eight individuals that what God
actually says,
is that when this all transpires,
you're going to celebrate,
you're going to be absolutely ecstatic in
Yahweh's presence among these eight
individuals.
And he says that that's in the place
of his choosing and the inference is,
so are the people.
And those people are essential to what
we're going to accomplish over the next
three and a half years when we're
redeployed.
And then over the thousand years after
that,
that we have a guarantee of employment and
we're going to work together and there are
leaders to get this done.
And so I owe Mike not just the
debt of being an excellent fact checker
and keeping the books,
correct.
And you write twenty five thousand pages
and that becomes really essential,
particularly when you're making so many
conclusions.
You know,
no one's ever made so many conclusions
about God.
So it's nice to have a fact checker.
It gives you a level of confidence, too.
But that particular email or note from you
was probably the most important
that I received certainly in the last five
years and maybe the most important ever.
So that's, that's how it works.
You've been a lot.
It's been fun the whole time.
It has been.
Oh, it has been man.
And it's it just,
it's the best job in the world.
You know, and in fact,
the fact that it's hard and the fact
that you get a lot of grief by
doing it, it endures you to Yahweh.
So, you know,
you're having this sense that when we're
done with this job,
we are all going to get the group
hug.
And as I say,
I'm really pleased with what you guys did.
You stuck it out.
You saw it through.
Look at the stuff you figured out that
no one had ever figured out before.
Look at all this stuff.
I mean, just amazing.
And I don't think he's going to rub
it in to say, you know,
you missed ninety nine percent of what was
really there.
Congratulations on the one percent.
No, I mean,
that'll be the following day that the
first group is going to be, you know,
you've got ten thousand things here that
no one ever figured out before.
And you did it.
The fact that I helped you along and
I brought together the right team and,
you know, we're really very comfortable.
You look at like that website now and
all the,
what is there and how a team had
to come together to make that happen.
That is just a marvelous expression.
That's God's library for the next thousand
years.
And we will continue to improve it and,
And it's just so much fun to be
out here now exposed and to be able
to do these extemporaneous programs and to
ask honest questions.
I'm sure that everyone who's listening to
us.
I just hope that Yada has the opportunity
to have fun that he deserves,
eradicating the hoofie print and al-Aqsa
on the way.
You know,
there's a lot of references to Go Boom
hoofie print.
In fact,
we're going to have one of them we're
going to talk about in Shibuya.
There's a GoBoom Hofi print.
And I've already had this conversation
with you.
I said, you know,
I'm allergic to that kind of stuff.
I'm happy to do what you want me
to do.
But, you know,
I know you're open to negotiation.
And I think I'm asking you to do
something that you're already committed to
doing.
But let's just make sure we're on the
same wavelength here.
I show up there, that building's gone.
Yeah.
And if we're going to hang on the
Temple Mount,
let's have the tent of the restoring
witness.
And then I saw the whole thing.
I even saw the great bonfire.
That bonfire is going to burn for a
long time.
That is something really,
really special to Yahweh.
And there's so many wonderful details of
that story that are woven into it.
And I've now pictured the coming back
where we're all,
because we're eternal beings at that
point,
that we're all in kind of a semi-circle,
if you will, behind Yahweh and Dode,
because they're the focus,
coming back and, you know,
and here's God coming back and God saying,
no, it's my son,
pay attention to my son.
He's my son.
And so you have Dode being the center
of attention, even coming back with God,
Dode is the center of attention.
And we're there as support.
He's our God.
He's God's son.
He's our king.
We're here to support,
and we're here to applaud,
and we're here to enjoy,
and we're here to cry,
and we're here to sing joyously.
But that's what we're going to do.
Even the soul of the Adam of Parah
gets to come back as part of that
group.
It's going to be marvelous, man.
So we have gone our hours.
Thank you, Mike,
for joining us and for enduring all of
this.
Sorry to put you on the spot with
some of those questions,
but I think it's interesting for people to
have a unscripted Q&A on things that are
challenging.
And we're here to be honest and open.
And people can tell that if you're genuine
or not.
That's the advantage of turning on the
lights and opening that lens of the camera
and doing a live stream,
which is every one of our programs.
There's not a single edit to any program
ever.
It's that they get to see if you're
genuine or not.
You really know this material or you're
convinced it's true because of the way
that you present it.
that we're able to do and get honest
responses.
So Mike, thank you.
JB, my good friend.
Thank you.
Oh, wow.
Wow, what a pretty one.
Wow.
I would love to show you Wookie Arcara.
They're all sleeping now.
I think Wookie and Carl are,
Asher is the only one that's up at
the moment.
Wookie and Carl are sound asleep.
Dr. Jeff,
it was nice to get you relaxed and
home and not in the hospital.
That's the first time in a number of
different programs.
Always wonderful.
Captain Kirk, we're gonna get you healthy,
man.
You still have a great smile and your
color looks great.
You look like the Captain Kirk I've always
known and love.
I'm- Nice and feels.
I just want you to feel better and
stronger.
I can see Jake behind you,
and Shabbat Shalom, Jake.
Thank you for loaning us your father
during this program.
Sometime you'll have to sit right next to
him,
and we'll have both of you mic'd up
and on camera, and you can...
can participate too thank you for the
wonderful song that you uh you did uh
on my behalf too i've i've uh i
really enjoy it and so thank you yeah
yeah it was a marvelously done and uh
kevin it's uh you know uh you skipped
out on the mid section uh you know
we we could have had uh six hours
uh and today right you only gave me
you only gave you only gave five but
but my understanding is that i was still
working
you were still working you were working
for leia during the uh hour that's a
lot to uh it's a lot to do
we're um i'm i'm thrilled and i talk
to everybody here constantly about how
grateful uh i am and we are to
have you as part of our family and
your contributions we you are
You are really become the glue that holds
the whole thing together.
And we are exceedingly appreciative.
And Yada, you do express that.
In a conversation with another Covenant
member today,
we were saying that it just is very
satisfying how Yada and Leah really will
give you your strokes and really show
their appreciation for what you're doing.
And so we appreciate that.
Well, thank you.
It's genuine.
And I have here Rich over to my
right.
Rich has become essentially my brother.
uh we uh we do everything uh uh
together virtually and never leave the
house no he hardly ever leaves the uh
the uh the house uh uh perry is
uh is also becoming a uh a fixture
and uh and such a contributor uh here
but uh had this not happened i mean
talk about two people just
transforming their lives to be of support,
to help us share Yah's message and to
get it out in the time that we
have.
And it's just the selflessness of it all
and the quality of the contribution.
With Yah,
it's all about attitude and aptitude.
He actually seeks out both.
It's not just having the right attitude.
But it's having the right aptitudes as
well.
And Rich is exemplary of that.
RICH SIEGELMANN- Somebody had to come down
here and help.
And I see the stress that it puts
on you guys as a family.
MIKE HENRY JR.
: It does.
This is a a day job,
seven days a week.
And it's in the frying pan most of
the time.
I got to say that Rich has that
wonderful, marvelous Elia Chong.
He does.
It even looks like Elia.
I'm expecting Elia to, in fact,
from what I can tell,
Rich might even be Elia.
Who knows?
But, you know,
he really has the whole role of...
We don't like people,
so we got that in common.
Yeah, this is true.
And...
Perry has been our man on the scene
regarding taming our AI and going through
our glossary,
even getting the new superscript on the
words accurate so that we show which are
in and enough.
It's the first time it's ever been done,
but it's already permeating all of our
books.
And we're working together to train our AI
and to make certain that we're
being responsible in this regard,
because lots of things are twisted and
used against us.
And that's not the intent,
but we also have many benefits.
And hopefully within the next couple of
days,
we're going to have the community up
I've just had one day of experimenting
with it and communicating with family
members.
You weren't supposed to be experimenting
with it.
I know,
but I found it and I was having
a great time with it.
It is just marvelous.
open messaging uh where everybody can
contribute to any theme any post uh and
then it's also private messaging so we've
made our website the place to go you
don't have to hang on facebook to instant
message there you can instant message
anybody just on the website
There you go.
Let's give Joe Page a shout out.
He's the bomb.
Absolutely.
I am so pleased to have had Joe
Page be part of my life for thirty
some odd years.
A man of just exemplary character.
But Joe is the epitome of attitude and
aptitude.
He has just mind-boggling
proficiency and his ability to code and to
do the kinds of things we want with
a keen eye for how things are going
to look and with just exemplary character.
He is
He's kind of the ideal Yawa soul.
And he is also a bit of a
rogue.
He's kind of the ideal person that Yawa
likes to work with.
And it's so appealing to me to know
that we'll be able to work together
collaboratively on Yawa's digital library
and digital footprint for the next
thousand years.
Yeah,
that's a relationship that means a lot to
me and a lot to us.
And, you know, as it turned out,
just so how things develop,
Joe's been here now a couple of three
times and he and Leah have become friends.
exceedingly close i think that he talks to
leia even more than you do kevin and
probably more than than i get to talk
to her they're on the phone all the
time working on things and they have just
this marvelous close uh productive uh
relationship and but it's you know
multi-layered it's a very caring and
supportive mutually supportive uh
relationship it's um
of ideal as you would expect in a
covenant family yeah of uh of people uh
you have that same relationship with her
and and you do as well rich you're
developing it as well uh perry it's that
uh and jeff you you're on the phone
with leia all the time too uh and
it's the uh it's the ex you know
her exceedingly well and the rough edges
and the brilliant uh glow and
It's, I think,
exactly as Yahweh would have intended for
us to get together as brothers and
brothers and sisters.
Very truthful.
Yeah, very truthful.
Let's play the song on our way out
and we'll...
We'll finish our program just with that
beautiful song,
if you wouldn't mind serving it up one
more time.
Shabbat shalom to everyone.
Thank you for all the activity.
Thank you for being a newbie on the
show.
Yep.
And there we go.
Pretty, pretty.
Thank you.
A seasoned hand with blue veins wraps
around the staff of her days.
She's walked the path of joy and pain,
learned Yehovah's way, not man's charade.
No longer lifting millstones with her
hands,
she guides their steps through rough and
land.
With God's lamp at her feet,
she walks ahead,
a daughter of Zion by Yehovah's
Through every trial, through every tear,
His covenant promise holds her near.
The rod and staff, they soothe her fear.
She hears His voice within her ear.
Shepherdess of days, yeah,
shepherdess of days Guarding younger souls
along the narrow way Not in faith or
fear,
but in knowing Him by name Yehovah's truth
burning like a flame Shepherdess of days,
walking in His the way Calling,
I'll come home,
leave religion's haze In the mikra's light
where the family stays She takes her stand
Shepherdess of days
Thank you.
Her delicate hands like maps of care,
each line a story Yah has shared.
From Pesach's door to Matzah's bread,
from Baikurim life to Shabuah's bread.
She counts the days to Yah's return,
where doubt will reign and nations learn.
She calls out in Yahwah's true name,
strips off the masks of man-made truth.
Not church, no mosque,
not rabbi's rule But Torah's voice,
the only school In Yehudah's song,
sung in doth reframes Yisrael will delight
like a calf She leads them out of
Babel's chains Shepherdess of days,
Yahweh's shepherdess of days God and young
of souls
But in knowing Him by name Your whole
world's like burning like a flame
Shepherdess of days Walking in His Torah
ways Calling,
I'll come home Leave religion's haze And
make grace plain Where the family stays
She stands as Shepherdess of days
in the voice of the moonlit breeze she
hears yahoo through the tree my daughter
caught i invite them home out of misery
take my hand we'll walk these days i'll
wipe away inherited fears the covenant
stands it never decays beloved daughter
Sing unto you, O desolate woman,
she who was never panted in labor,
she who has no child of her own,
sing clearly and joyfully for you.
She trades the song for open sky The
scripted promise for Yaa's reply In every
step her staff and son
Yeah, shepherdess of days,
guarding younger souls along the narrow
way.
Not in faith or fear,
but in knowing him by name.
Your whole lives, Emma,
burning like a flame.
Shepherdess of days,
walking in his Torah ways.
Calling out, come home,
leave religion's haze.
And sukkahs embrace where his family
stays.
She rests, his shepherdess.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.